0 We enjoyed our stay very much. The room was comfortable, neat and clean. There were no problems at all and the host family was very helpful and caring. They helped us planning trips or recommended sights.<br/><br/>The house is situated in a calm neighbourhood close the the Luas and different bus lines. <br/><br/>There are no negative aspects to mention, it was a very satisfying stay. I would recommend it and stay there again whenever I am in Dublin.<br/><br/>1 We have been here 4 nights. Stay in a home is the best way to improve your english.<br/>Very lovely place, very lovely and kind hosts! Helped us to plan our days to optimize the time.<br/>We reccomend you this cottage!<br/>Teresa you are a great person!<br/>Soly :)2 Teresa and Hughie were great hosts. They were very welcoming to us and the children. The  room was very comfotable and we were able to use the kitchen which was great since we had the children. The kitchen is warm and sunny with great views to the garden. They have wifi and were great at providing info. Bus to the city passes the door plus the tram ,good shops, pubs, cinema , library, etc- not far away . They were very hepful when we found we had mixed up the bookings, thanks Tersa and Hughie3 No surprises, was as described.  Very gracious host nice place to stay, good neighborhood and close to the rail to head to Dublin, All in all a great experience and would recommend it.4 Teresa was a lovely hostess, and we had a delightful stay with her! Her cottage is just as described, cozy and comfortable! Teresa went out of her way to make us comfortable and to help us enjoy our stay even though it was shortened. I would certainly recommend her, and would love to stay again!5 Me and my friend stayed with Tereas and her family for the first part of our trip in Ireland. They were so welcoming and treated us like family. Their house was clean and not too far from Dublin's city center. It took less than 10min to walk to the Luas station that takes you to the center. They helped us find things to do in town, gave us directions, and taught us a lot about Irish culture. They were even nice enough to give us a ride down to the harbor to look at the seals, since we couldn't rent a car and were a bit limited in our travels. For us it was a really great experience and definitely a highlight of our trip. We even tried to stay with them for the last portion of our trip but sadly, they were all booked up. We highly recommend staying with them! <br/>Kate & Kat!6 Wonderful stay at Holly Cottage.  Very helpful to me as i did family history in Dublin.7 We had a wonderful stay at this cozy comfortable Irish cottage. Our host and Hostess were such a delight and so helpful!! We highly recommend an Irish welcome with them. Thank you so much!!! We hope to see you again!<br/>Marc and Mary Pritchard<br/>Lynchburg, Virginia8 My husband and I stated with Teresa and her family twice..The first stay with her was so positive and warm so we knew we would be in good hands again. A terrific place to stay near Dublin!9 We stayed for 4 nights and enjoyed every minute. The hosts are wonderful warm people. Very helpful and kind. The rooms are indeed cosy and the bed comfortable. Looking forward for our next trip to Irland & love to stay at the cosy comfortable cottage again.<br/>Ofra, Israel10 Our stay was too short.  Hugh, Terese, and Emma were a delight!  Though we could only stay one night, we throughly enjoyed our evening and morning conversation.  We were so caught up in conversation, that he hours just flew by!  <br/><br/>I would highly recommend staying here for any travelers to Dublin.11 We had a great time at Liam's place in Dublin. Check in was very smooth even though my mobile was not working and the place is within walking distance to very good restaurants, a park, and a few bus stops. The room was equipped with what we needed and while it was small it was easy to use and get around with 2 people.12 We were 100% satisfied with our stay. Liam was very helpful in making sure our stay was perfect. Any minor issues that we had were taken care of immediately. Anyone traveling to Ireland should highly consider staying with Liam, he's an incredible host!13 We really enjoyed our weekend in Liam's place. It was clean, cosy and everything we expected, and Liam and Fiona were really helpful. Its in a convenient neighborhood close to a fantastic pub called The Cobblestone!14 We really enjoyed our stay in Liam's Luxury Studio for 2. It was exactly as the pictures on Airbnb showed. Everything worked well in the kitchen and the bathroom seem brand new. The shower always had enough hot water. <br/>It is very close to the city center, there is a bus that takes you right to Trinity College in 10 minutes. There is also a grocery story, bank machine, store where you can buy bus tickets and a hardware store right around the corner. Its only about a 10 minute walk to Phoenix Park. <br/>You may read on the internet that north of the river in Dublin isn't as safe but the neighborhood this place is in is totally fine. I never felt unsafe or saw anything that made me uncomfortable. <br/>I totally recommend this place to anyone.<br/>15 Very  nice and friendly hosts. Helped us getting around. We loved the room and the beautiful little garden with al that herbs and flowers.16 Located in the suburbs of Dublin but within walking distance of the Luas and its only a 10 min. train ride to the heart of Dublin. There is also a new, modern shopping complex with great stores and restaurants nearby. Quiet area good for those wanting a safe, quiet place to sleep.  Wonderful hosts.17 Teresa and her family were very kind and helpful.They gave us a lot of extra information which would have been enough for another full week in Dublin.We could serve ourselves and have breakfast at any time in the (Website hidden by Airbnb) hurry to get up early.<br/>At any time we could enjoy a cup of tea in Teresa's kitchen.This was really lovely.<br/>You can reach the cottage with the Aircoach Bus from Dublin Airport in nearly 45 minutes and it is easy to find and comfortable.<br/>As Teresa decribes her cottage, it is really cosy and you directly feel at home.<br/>Our next trip to Ireland will defenitely let us to Teresa and her family again!<br/>Thanks for your great hospitallity!<br/>18 We spent 4 days at Teresa and we keep a very good memory of it.<br/> Practical side, the house is very quiet and a nearby bus station allows you to reach the city center directly.<br/> More importantly, Teresa and her husband were very helpful with us throughout the stay.We thank them for all their advice, for the provision of their cuisine for our breakfasts and, above all for their welcome.<br/> Indeed, they welcomed us as guests much more than customers and that changes everything!<br/>19 Well located, easy transportation facilities to town and very friendly, warm and helpful family20 Teresa and Hugh are genuine wonderful people.  My family and I felt they  would do anything to make our stay better. However, the rooms are small and we had no other privacy other than our rooms. Only one bathroom used by all in household (3 of them, and 4 of us).  Would recommend their home simply because they are great hosts.21 In the words of my two sisters who LOVED their stay ...<br/>she is a sweet lil lady who has the heart of gold ( get it irish joke) i guess lol.  "Holly's Cottage" sits on a corner of peace and tranquility... Theresa, her husband and daughter will tell you the best places to go and see.  The rooms are SPACIOUS AND SOOOO COMFORTABLE.  If you're just visiting for a day or two or backpacking your way thru europe you'll understand why this is important.  Sometimes you want a comfy bed to remind you of home and to relieve some travel stress.  THIS IS THE PLACE.  Its not far from the city center at all and you get to enjoy the best of both worlds....a bit of the beautiful countryside and the city center.  After your stay, you can then head for the sunset with renewed energy.22 I am an American graduate student at a local college and needed temporary accommodations while I looked for apartments. Teresa was wonderful and was so helpful and flexible in arranging my stay.  Once here, her and her family were incredibly welcoming and made me feel right at home.  The cottage is wonderful, very cosy, and has all the modern conveniences anyone could ask for. They always made sure that their guests were taken care of above and beyond expectations; they also provide breakfast every morning and tea is available at any hour!  I couldn't speak higher of Teresa and her family - they are wonderful, warm, and so friendly. Highly higly recommended.23 Teresa was a wonderful host. She and Hugh were very welcoming, and gave lots of helpful advice on things to see and do in the area.  The bed was comfy and the cottage was adorable and lovely to live in. A generous breakfast was on offer every morning and the family was happy to leave us alone or to chat, depending on what we felt like.24 Staying with the Kavanagh family was way over just a comfortable bed, quiet-super-clean-tidy-welcoming room and hot shower in the Irish automn. It was a brief introduction to the Dubliners and great Irish hospitslity. Teresa and her family gave me much more than they were expected to give, found solutions and mainly - were interested in my life patiently, sharing their insights and did their best to make me fell at home away from home. I hereby recomend to who ever need their services and am sure youll find it excellent!!25 Teresa and her family were wonderful hosts - very friendly and gracious.  Teresa watched for the Aircoach from the Dublin Airport and drove me the rest of the way to Holly Cottage.  After settling in, she very graciously drove me to the nearest bus stop.  I needed to find it for the next day's traveling.  She was more than kind and a very helpful lady!  She even took me to a grocery store and showed me around the nearest town. <br/>I was happy to be a guest of the Kavanagh family and recommend Holly cottage to others.26 Teresa is warm and welcoming and went out of her way to help me get to where I needed to be the first evening, and again when it was time to leave. We had some good chats in between whiles.  Lovely comfy bed.27 Teresa and her family were very friendly and welcoming. Also very helpful with travel tips and getting around Dublin. Will definitely stay with them again if I ever get back to Dublin!28 Teresa and her family were extremely friendly and made us feel very welcome in their lovely home. She provided a nice breakfast every morning and gave us great information about Dublin and recommended trips to take outside of the city.29 Teresa is an amazing host! The whole family were very welcoming. Charming and cosy cottage. I will return for another visit one day.<br/><br/>Thank you Teresa!30 Teresa and her family are simply the nicest people! Their home is cosy and welcoming, the beds very confortable, the location wonderful as it is situated in a beautiful suburb and about 15 minutes from the city center by tram. I enjoyed every minute of it. Thank you Teresa! :-)31 I really had amazing time there with Teresa and her husband! We had very interesting conversation  :)  and so to improve my english! They are really helpful, kindness and patient with my english!!<br/>The house is really cut and confortable and close the tram! I really recommand this accomodation! I will love to go back there!<br/><br/>Thank to you Teresa :)32 My boyfriend and I, we loved the stay at holly cottage with Teresa and her family. They are very friendly with theire guests. The bed was very comfortabele. In our room there was a water pump, so we had any noise by night but that was no problem because of our earplugs.<br/>Dundrum was very nice. <br/>33 I chose Teresa & Hugh's place for my mother and I stay at for our girls' trip. Not only was the house lovely, the breakfast great, but also the family is just lovely! They were incredibly welcoming. This is, perhaps, one of the best places I've ever stayed on a trip. And, it really allows a traveller a great insight into the country!34 Teresa and Hugh are wonderful people and made us feel so welcome.  Their home is beautiful, we'll never forget our experience in the cottage when we think back on our Ireland trip!!  Thank you!!35 Absolutely great hosts. Nothing was a problem and they guided us through what to do in Dublin. Highly recommend anyone to stay there36 Absolutely wonderful cottage! Very close to shopping centers and cinema. Short ride into Dublin wither by car or using the Luas TRAM system. Just a hint, if you are planning on being in Dublin all day be sure to buy the "Combo" ticket on the Luas platform at the kiosk. My wife and I enjoyed every second of out time at the cottage. Hugh and Teresa are more than helpful and make you feel absolutely welcome. Even with all of the guest rooms full while we were there it didnt feel crowded. Teresa will give you more than enough things to do and to see even if you have no idea what to do while in Dublin. Take a taxi up to Johnnie Foxes and enjoy some great food, music, and drinks. They'll pick you up right from the cottage. Absolutely reccomended to anyone interested!!!!!!37 Teresa and her family are the most wonderful people in the world. They were warm and welcoming, and did wonders to dispel my nervousness in visiting a new country. They were extremely helpful in suggesting places to go and things to do, and managed to never steer me wrong. In addition, the house is in the perfect spot for getting around Dublin. I cannot imagine a better BNB.38 Teresa's place is a very relaxing, well decorated Irish cottage not far from the center of Dublin. On our recent European trip we stayed with eight total different hosts and Teresa and Hugh were certainly among the top. We arrived late on our first night and were greeted with tea and big Irish welcome. We received great tips and advice for what to do in and around Dublin. The LUAS (light rail) brings your right into the center of Dublin, and once you're there, you really can pretty much walk to any of the city's main sights, it's a great walking city! The place is immaculately clean and your privacy is totally respected. <br/><br/>We hope to go back to Dublin soon and hope that at that time Teresa will have room for us once again!39 My sister and I had a wonderful and fun stay with Teresa and her family.  The rooms were private, spacious and comfortable.  We were within walking distance of the tram into downtown Dublin (20 min).  Most of all we'll remember our conversations with Teresa, a very personable, friendly and helpful lady.  We'll never forget her!40 We stayed with Teresa and Hugh for 4 days and the accommodations were perfect!  They were welcoming, inviting and friendly.  The cottage was close to public transportation and the city center was only about 30 minutes away.  If you plan on visiting Dublin, make sure to rent a car and drive up to Giants Causeway and the north shore.  Views are breathtaking!41 The reservation was canceled 2 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.42 My boyfriend and I have enjoyed our stay in Dublin and the biggest contribution was the place we had chosen to stay. It was our first experience with Airbnb and it gave us the best first impression. Theresa and Hugh greeted us warmly and make our stay an interesting one. They allowed me to cook for my boyfriend who had been missing home cooked food for a year. They even recommended us interesting places to visit in Dublin. They also gave extremely clear direction on how to get to their house and also to move about in the city. No doubt, if we ever return to Dublin, we will choose the Holy Cottage again! Theresa and her husband are really great hosts and I truly recommend them for your stay in Dublin.<br/><br/>* Dear Theresa, thanks a lot for sending us to the bus station on our last day! We would have missed our flight if it's not for your help! Will send you the curry recipe soon :D43 Although I had a really short stay at Teresa's place, I really enjoyed my stay and wish I could have stayed longer had her place not been booked. Teresa has such a warm and kind family and their friendliness is very welcoming. The home is very large and clean. The Luas is a short 15 minutes into the heart of Dublin. I recommend their place if you are staying in Dublin.44 We spent 4 nights at Teresas and Hughies place and had a lovely time.  The rooms were very lovely, and although we arrived very late, Hughie welcomed us and had already turned on our hot blankets. Overall I would definetely recommend the Holly cottage. Its very cozy and comfortable and Teresa and Hughie are such welcoming and caring people. Thanks again!45 Teresa's cottage was the perfect place to stay in Ireland. There was a bus stop right in front of it so transportation was easy. Also, a large shopping center (Dundrum) was nearby, about 10-15 minutes walk and there is a tram that goes from there into the city. It was convenient having lots of restaurants and transportation nearby. We had a great time at her cottage as they were very sweet and welcoming, even providing breakfast for us in the mornings! The rooms and decor also gave the place a very cozy feeling. I would definitely recommend staying here!46 Jacinta is the perfect host! My sister and I stayed at her lovely home for two nights and she made us feel instantly welcome, even making us a vegetable quiche for our arrival because she knew we are both vegetarians. The room description is very accurate; there is a comfortable double bed with a private attached bathroom and a sunny single bed loft just up the stairs. The house is within walking distance to the sea and has a convenient bus into the city with a stop at the end of the road. <br/><br/>I regret not factoring in more time into my trip to just sit and chat with Jacinta over a cup of tea. She is fun to talk to and as a journalist, very interested in hearing other people's stories. Because she works from home, she is easily accessible to  answer any questions or provide suggestions on things to do. Her dog and cat are very welcoming, too!<br/><br/>Overall, this is the perfect place to stay if you want quick access to Dublin while still being able to relax in peace. Thanks for a great stay, Jacinta!47 We were welcome very warmly. Teresa and Hughe were always very helpful with planning our days and finding our way around. We enjoyed staying at there tastefully furnished house without being pushed into their company too much at any time. We appreciated that very much.48 Teresa and her husband will receive with great kindness their B&B is ideally located for visiting Dublin and if you love shopping you are less than 15 minutes walk from several Malls<br/> and the tram will bring you to the center in 15 minutes<br/> B&B very calm back to the sound of birds<br/> Teresa and Her Husband Will Welcome you with Love Their B & B is ideally locate for Visiting Dublin and if you love shopping you are under 15 minutes Walk from Several Malls the tram takes you to the center in 15 mnb & b veryQuiet Waking to the Sound of Birds49 We really enjoyed our stay at Teresa's house and her husband. They were wonderful hosts,They were very helpful people and knew how to make us comfortable. We highly recommend this place. Thank you so much Teresa for your hospitality.50 Teresa & Hugh were lovely hosts! They made us feel @ home right away & were lovely to talk to also. Hugh was even nice enough to drive us to the city center because he was on his way there. I'd definitely stay with them again. The bus stop to the city center was right across their home, but be sure to raise your hand for the bus to stop as they don't automatically stop @ the stops like in the United States. The local people are very, very kind with such hospitality!51 We had a really good time in Jacinta' s appartment ! Jacinta abd her husband are very helpfull with everything and they give us tips to abswer our questions . The room was really clean and big enough for three people ! It is really close to city center by bus (10-15 min) .<br/>We really recommend this place !<br/>52 My husband & I just spent 5 days in Dublin in Jacinta & Pat's house. The location was wonderful. It is relaxed & green and minutes away from a wonderful sea front by foot. It literally only takes 10 to 15 minutes to reach Dublin's city center by bus and it was a relief to return to the peace & beauty of Clontarf after the chaos in downtown Dublin. The buses run almost until  midnight & it's a quick taxi ride too.<br/>Although frequent Airbnb users it was our first time actually staying with a family. It was a very private experience as our room was en suite so there was no sharing of a bathroom. We liked that. They  were wonderful hosts who opened their comfortable house to us and were always helpful & relaxed to be with. We really enjoyed their company and their other guests and would definitely stay there again. It was a lovely experience.53 We loved spending two nights at Jacinta's house. Jacinta and her husband are very welcoming and gave us good tips to visit Dublin. The room is very convenient for a couple, well furnished, clean and the private bathroom is a real plus. Breakfast is also generous. A very pleasant stay close from the city center, absolutely recommended for an authentic short stay or holiday. Thank you Jacinta and Patrick!54 I stayed at Jacinta's for two days with my mother and sister when they came to visit from Canada. Jacinta is very warm and welcoming, and the house and the room are absolutely beautiful. It was a short journey (1 stop) into the city centre by train. The room is spacious and the beds private  enough that I could stay with my  mom and adult sister under the same roof without any discomfort or squabbles. Jacinta puts out all manner of breakfast and tasty things, and we felt completely comfortable to eat when we pleased. All in all, a delightful stay.55 Lovely home, delightful hosts, great access to Dublin and all of the tours without using a car. I appreciated receiving suggestions of how to navigate my way through the City as well as where else to visit from Jacinta and Pat. <br/><br/>My friend and I wanted separate beds and the room with the double and the single loft was perfect. The loft has a skylight for fresh air and a view of the stars.<br/><br/>Quiet, safe neighborhood. Wifi worked great. Hendrix the dog is a quiet love of a dog. Breakfast was delicious with so many jams and cheeses!<br/><br/>Would I come back? Absolutely!56 Jacinta's room is cosy and comfortable. My daughter loved the little loft where she had her own bed above mine. The beds were comfortable. The breakfasts were delicious. Jacinta has been to many places and it was really nice to talk with her over breakfast. She had lots of suggestions as well. The area is nice too and pretty handy to downtown Dublin by bus. It took 10-15 minutes. Thanks Jacinta! Katya and Hannah<br/>57 Our first AirBnB was brilliant  Jacinta and Pat were great hosts making this the best of holidays. A cIty break with benefit of river/sea walks,  really spacious room + mezzanine floor and great hosts.  Buses every 8 minutes meant we never took a taxi, Dublin was interesting and fun.58 Jacinta was very welcoming, and told us not to talk about her splendid and delicious cakes. The room was perfect. Location is great, just 15 minutes from Dublin's center by bus. So, a great experience.59 Our stay was the perfect combination of comfortable, welcoming, convenient and relaxing! The room was ideal for our family of three.  Our compact space was clean and neat, light and airy, but with blackout curtains for sleeping in. Jacinta couldn't have been more accommodating; She & Pat provided lots of info on the area, additional convertors, even an umbrella and a call for a taxi! <br/><br/>Her homemade muesli was amazing and she graciously provided us a delicious breakfast including terrific traditional Irish brown bread and toast, perfect coffee and tea and an array of other cereal options, fresh fruit, juice and lots of KerryGold butter! <br/><br/>More than any of the tangibles, the atmosphere of family and welcome that is the Irish spirit, was the best part of the visit. If you want a true taste of Ireland, then this is the place to come!  I thought this would be my only trip, but we now have plans to come back again, for longer, and we will certainly be staying here, if we are lucky!60 Our return to Jacinta & Pat's lovely red brick was like a homecoming!  The house is always filled with other interesting people from around the world, all experiencing the same lovey Irish hospitality. <br/><br/>This cozy room for 2-3 was perfect! Clean, smartly turned out, and comfy.  It is conveniently located for easy transportation by bus to the city centre or a quick car to the airport. The hosts are very willing to help with suggestions for your stay and were invaluable to us!  <br/><br/>The 'self-serve' breakfast was so much more than that says! Lots of bread & toast options, jams, cheese & butter galore, fresh fruit and juice! Any cereal you could want with Jacinta's excellent homemade muesli, too! Tea and coffee were wonderful!  A really wonderful stay we will have to repeat again someday! But for longer!61 Perfect as the previous ocassion.  Jacinta and Pat are great!!!!62 Where do I start - Jacinta was an awesome host and so very welcoming - her home was fantastic and our room was spacious, comfortable and with an ensuite.  Location was great - we had a hire car but did not need to use it during our 2 day 1 night stay.  We walked to a fabulous restaurant on our first night and the second day took the bus into Dublin which was easily accessible.  Jacinta was full of information for us to make the most of our short stay in Dublin. In the evening we were free to watch TV, use our laptops, make a cuppa in the kitchen and to be honest we were made so welcoming it was lovely to relax in her and her husband's company in the evening.  We would love to come back one day Jacinta for a longer stay even if just for the chats.  Thank you ever so much for having us to stay - was just so relaxing and peaceful.63 We had the best time staying at Teresa's home. She welcomed us with snacks, helpful travel apps, and maps on how to navigate the local area. We were worried about getting into Dublin easy everyday and were surprised by how accessible the center of town is from her house! The beds we staying in we're absolutely luxurious- with the weather being a little chilly she had heated mattresses! Everything was so cozy and clean that we thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Teresa was also helpful when some of our luggage was delayed and she called into the airport for us and found the website to track it. I don't know what we would have done about that without her! And in addition she helped us plan our days by telling us where to visit and where not to spend too much time visiting. We would absolutely recommend Teresa and tell all our friends about her home.64 Lovely - really lovely hosts, great house. Felt very at home. Nice quiet location65 I stayed with my son for 6 nights at Teresa,s lovely house , they were very friendly interesting and helpfull in every way possible . we had a great stay . the location is good meaning quiet close to public transport and shops restaurants etc. The beds are a little bit small but once you sleep you dont notice that haha .for us it was a very good place to stay and we had a great time in Ireland66 It was the perfect place for my daughter and I, out of the center of town but an easy distance from convenient transportation. Teresa was very helpful and accomodating, making us feel right at home, with leisurely breakfasts looking out on the garden. Comfortable beds, a quiet and safe neighborhood, a nice "homey" feel to the house.We enjoyed staying there and would do so again.67 Excellent, friendly host!  Nice location, comfortable beds.  We truly enjoyed our stay at Teresa's room in Dublin.  both Teresa and her husband were welcoming and helpful. The luau was convenient for getting into Dublin.  The room was clean and charming.68 Dear Teresa, no words can describe how wonderful my stay was in your lovely house with your family! Firstly I was glad that you confirmed me my stay that spontaneously and after 7 weeks I can say that it was the best that could happen to me! You saw me as another daughter and took really care of me each day! Beside I really liked the way how you welcomed as well the other guests! The stay in your house made may "working daily business" even better and my parents were not worried at all. I enjoyed every little company and conversation I had to you and the rest of your fam! I wish I had more time! I miss you and Emma already a lot and I still I cannot believe that the time flew by so quickly. Your house was always very clean Im sure I've never switch so often my towels and bed sheets ;-) even I know I should! Thanks for warming up my towels every day and take care of me in every wayy!!! Again THANK YOU SO MUCH! All the best for you :* hugs69 Myself and a friend stayed in the double bed room for just over a week and every minute was worry-free. Unfortunately the airlines had lost our luggage and we were forced to have them shipped to the house. Teresa did not hesitate to take care of all the communications with the airline such as drop off times and be present at the house for the delivery. This allowed us to adventure through Dublin on our first day rather than wait around for our luggage to arrive. <br/><br/>Thanks again for the wonderful stay in your home.<br/>Cheers,<br/>Jeff70 We had a really nice time at Teresa's irish cottage. Comfortable room, clean house, near to the tram services. Is a good choice if you are looking somewhere to stay for a few days:)71 We had an absolutely fabulous stay with Teresa & her husband! They are such lovely people!! <br/>Before we'd even flown out to Ireland Teresa had already given me some ideas of where to go and answered any queries I had.<br/>When we arrived it was quite late, and it was freezing cold - Teresa's husband let us in and showed us in to our room, in which he had switched on the electric blankets in our beds to warm us up! Such a thoughtful touch that was most appreciated!!! He then proceded to give us plenty of information about how to get into Dublin, best things to do etc whilst making us a cup of tea. After that we went to bed in our warmed up beds in our room that was so lovely and pretty! <br/>Over the rest of the few days we were out quite a bit exploring, we went on the Wild Wicklow Tour and saw the Archaelogy Museum, Trinity College and the Leprechaun Museum. We also saw some live music in and around Temple Bar, including and incredible band called Mutefish (like an Irish twist on Mumford & Sons). I would recommend all of the above as we thought it was all amazing!<br/>Also we noticed that every Irish person we spoke to, either for help or for conversation, were the friendliest, funniest and most helpful people I have yet met! Everyone was just absolutely lovely!<br/>Back to Teresa & her husband - we also met another guest whilst we were staying - Gill, and myself, Lea Teresa and Gill had a really nice conversation just finding out about each other and it was a pleasure to meet new people that were so lovely.<br/>Overall, Teresa and her husband were perfect hosts. They helped if we had any queries on our stay or information, they were so friendly and acommodating and put that in that little extra too to ensure our stay was perfect. It was a pleasure to have met them! They're house is lovely - full of character and old charm and in a fab location - 15 minutes from Dublin centre via LUAS. <br/><br/>Thank you guys - can't wait to stay again!!72 Had a lovely visit at Holly Cottage. Teresa was a delight and very informative about places to go and things to do. The bed I had was very comfortable and I slept very well.  I would stay again if I came back to Dublin.73 Beautiful neighborhood, comfortable home and lovely, thoughtful hosts! Highly recommend staying here. Out hosts provided with very helpful information, suggestions and breakfast! Can't wait to be back...74 My mom and sister stayed there during their shor trip to Dublin. They really enjoyed this place. It was nice, clean, comfortable and quite near from luas. Teresa and her husband were so kind and helpful. Everything was perfect! :) We can recommend this place to everyone going to Dublin. Thank you very much for everything! Dada, Big Dada and Elena :) Have a great summer!75 It was a very very nice time in Jacintas house. She and her husband are such cheerful people. For our next time when we will stay in dublin , we will spend time in Jacintas sweet home again . Thank you for the great lodging jacninta :-)76 Warm and nice welcome, a beautiful introduction in Ireland.<br/>The breakfast was very good. Jacinta and her husband are pleasant.<br/><br/>The room was nice and suited us for us three.77 Jacinta and her husband made us feel very welcome in their beautiful home. The room was very clean and comfortable, there is free parking available and the city center is but a short bus ride away. Jacinta was very kind and attentive and I highly recommend her B'n'B to anyone visiting Dublin. Clontarf is a beautiful neighbourhood right by the harbour with great restaurants and sights to see.78 One word : perfect ! We felt immediately like at home and we would have liked to stay longer. Indeed, Jacinta is such a welcoming hostess and we had so much fun that we'll definitely advise other airbnbers to stay at Jacinta's.79 Jacintas Fab en suite was our first station during our trip to Ireland. We spent a good time with Patrick, he is a fantastic host! The room is very comfortable for us three. Jacinta offered a lot of useful information before, it was easy for us to find the house. <br/>We are looking so much forward to come back soon :-)80 Liam's apartment was a fantastic place to stay at in Dublin. It is centrally located with all the major attractions either a short bus ride or walk away. The apartment was clean and comfortable, and Liam was very prompt in responding to our reservation request and great with accommodating to our arrival and departure times. He had a welcome package for us, which was much appreciated. We would definitely not hesitate staying here again!81 This was such a great deal.  The apartment was small but cozy -- I was really impressed how nice it was, and at such a good price.  The kitchenette was well stocked with cookware and basic supplies, so you don't need to buy the basics (like olive oil or salt and pepper) for a short stay.  The bed was very comfortable, which was a definite plus -- especially since you never know what you're going to get with these airbnb deals.  Another big plus: the building has great sound insulation.  We almost never heard the comings and goings or conversations of other guests.  The only noise we heard was mild noise from the hallways, so as long as guests aren't being obnoxiously loud in the halls at late hours, it's not a problem.<br/><br/>And.... all that quality at this price point.  I'm really just blown away.  Everything was as nice and comfortable as I'd expect at any good B&B -- and instead of the free breakfast, you get your own kitchen.  So if you're like me and prefer the freedom/flexibility of your own space, it's perfect!<br/><br/>If we make it back to Dublin, I'd definitely stay here again!82 Apartment is really small, but very cozy and very good location! It is near all main place in Dublin. We enjoyed our stays there.83 I really appreciated my stay in the appartment. Our host Liam responded always quickly, was absolutely service orientated and very generous. I would definitely recommened him and his appartments and I am looking forward to stay in one of his appartments the next time I visit Dublin.84 While the  building from the outside would not inspire the greatest confidence,  stepping into the studio apartment  gives a different impression. The available space has been used to the maximum <br/>and the living, sleeping and bathroom areas were all spotless. Frequent bus services and shops nearby enhance the convenience of this as a good place to stay for visitors to the capital.85 Very nice apartment and good location,It is near all main place in Dublin. Apartment with all you need very comfortable, clean and cozy.<br/>We had a great time at liams apartmend in Dublin, Highly recommend.<br/>Тhank you Liam86 We really enjoyed our time at Liam's place. It may be a little small but since we spent most of the time outside, that was no problem whatsoever. It is perfect for people who want to visit the city and regarding the superb price/quality ratio I can highly recommend it.87 I had a very nice stay, Teresa and Hugh were absolutly terrific ! They're two most friendly and charming folks. I truly enjoyed talking with them and they were very helpful with ideas and directions. The neighborhood is good and the walking is easy and pleasant . The tram is a cinch and gets you to downtown Dublin in no time.     ( 15-20 min) . The accommodations were clean and comfortable.  When I return I hope to stay here again !88 Staying with Teresa was the best idea we could have had.<br/>The place is in a very cosy, safe, quiet, neighborhood, 25 minutes away for Dublin town center (via tram).<br/>The cottage itself has a homey feeling to it. The kitchen looks incredible and the terrace and inner garden were awesome. We had our own private room (with a key) with a shared bathroom. The room was just the right size to spend relaxing nights in very comfortable beds (each with an electric warm blanket).<br/>Breakfast was exactly what we needed to get us started: lots of coffee, cereal,  jam and tea.<br/>Teresa was more than helpful with info and details about transportation, places to visit, life in Ireland.<br/>When we will visit Dublin again we will definitely stay with her again.89 We had a lovely time with Teresa and her husband.  They were nothing but kind and helpful.  We had lovely sunny days and I even fell asleep reading on the back deck.  The cottage is not in Dublin city, but to the south.  This is perfect for quiet, but also easily accessible by bus or tram.  I enjoyed taking both into the city.  The beds were so comfortable and piled with fabulously soft linens.  It was hard to leave them in the morning.  Teresa was available for a lovely chat and extremely helpful arranging for a cab to the airport.90 We felt really welcome and 'at home' at the cosy Irish cottage were Teresa and her husband live. They made time for us, showing us around in the house, hoping the sun would shine during the open air concert we were about to visit, crossed fingers with us that the Dutch would win from Mexico ;) and advising us to see the best places in and around Dublin! The room was cosy too, all was well and we had very nice chats sharing beautiful travel stories. Thank you!91 We had a very nice stay at this cottage. Teresa and Hugh were very friendly and helpfully in many ways. Our room, kitchen and bad was clean and comfortable. The neighborhood is quiet and safe. The local Bus Stations and the tram brings you in Dublin Center within 15 min. <br/><br/>I would stay here again.<br/><br/><br/><br/>92 Teresa and her husband were a lovely host. <br/>They welcomed us with information about the neighborhood, and showed us around the house. A welcoming charming Garden was awaiting us .<br/>we love this place thank you so much we recommended it. I would definitely come back!93 The reservation was canceled 24 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.94 Cosy cottage type setting, very welcoming, friendly hosts. Perfect place to lay our heads between sightseeing in Dublin and a music festival. Great transport links to city. Seems like lots to explore nearby... Mountains and coastline (we didn't get chance to do this!) Great little find, would come back if in area again!95 Teresa and Hugh were very kind and helpful with us. they gave us all the necessary to stay in their house and also the information to move freely in the city, and they advised us what to see.<br/>the room and the district complied with the directions given in the ad; cozy and quiet, away from Dublin city center, but easily reachable in 30 minutes96 Teresa and Hugh were very kind and open-minded. They were very helpful with us and we felt really at home during our stay. It was nice meeting them and we will recommand their cottage to our friends and family. Thank you very much for everyhting. The house was very clean and the room was very confortable. It was a lovely journey.97 The cosy comfortable Irish cottage was a wonderful place for my first AirBnB experience.<br/>Despite confirming our plans less than 24 hours before we showed up at their door, Teresa and Hugh made us feel super welcome during our three day stay. Hugh made sure to show us how everything worked, put on hot water for tea and coffee and right away made us feel comfortable.<br/>Teresa was genuinely interested in our plans and gave us suggestions and travel tips throughout our stay, and made sure that we had everything we needed.<br/>Teresa was very flexible regarding our check out time, and she graciously allowed us to store our bags in the house all of Saturday, even though we were not staying there that night.<br/>The beds and blankets were the most comfortable thing as well.98 We had a really nice stay at Teresas. The room was comfortable and Teresa tried to help us with all our questions. A good place to start discovering Dublin.99 Teresa is a terrific host - very friendly and always accessible and willing to help. She's very positive and it was wonderful to talk to her during breakfast - felt like home. Her suggestion in getting around Dublin was very useful. The house is located in a quiet and peaceful area about a km from Dundrum Center with direct bus access to Dublin Center also. Highly recommended place and I would myself come back and stay here if I attend Web Summit again.100 Teresa and Hugh were the nicest hosts ever. They did everything to help us feel home and relaxed. We arrived really Late on our First Night but Hugh waited for us and showed us how everything worked and they Even Heated our beds :) i can definetely recommend this Place! Thanks again101 We had a very pleasant stay with Teresa.We were very well received by this very charming couple.The house is pretty and well maintained.They are very smiling and very caring for their guests.<br/> We stayed 1 week, the neighborhood is very quiet, a bit far from the center of Dublin and the tram (20 minutes on foot).Which can be annoying when you want to go out without taking public transport.<br/> A large shopping center is a 15 -minute walk.<br/> We would go back with pleasure during a next stay.<br/> Thank you to Teresa and her husband!<br/> Gwendoline & Nadia102 Teresa and her husband were very welcoming, still present for the slightest questions.The offered breakfast is quite stocked, we don't go hungry.The room is a bit small but clean and comfortable.Housing a little far from the city center but relatively close to public transport.However small downside that we cannot use the kitchen, it is difficult to find something to eat "normally" at an affordable price in the surroundings.<br/> In short we really recommend this accommodation, where conviviality reigns.<br/>103 We had a pleasant stay with Teresa, the room was very nice and comfortable. Teresa and her husband are friendly and helping. we had very good advices before we arrived, with all the information necessary to reach the house. The house is in a nice area with the bus or tram stop nearby to go in the center of Dublin. Thank you to Teresa and her husband for a pleasant stay.104 Teresa and Hugh were so nice and helpful to us. Hugh explained us all the things we could do and recommended us a great trip to the mountains. Teresa also gave us advices for our days on Dublin, and we also had great talks with her, to get to know more about Dublin and its people.  They really did everything to make us feel as home. The place was so clean and nice. It was our first experience in Airbnb, <br/>and it was definitely a great experience that would make us do it again. The place is so near the tram station and the bus stop is just a few houses nearby, a great neighborhood.105 Excellent place. Teresa is a very warm person and made  me feel at home. The refrigerator was stacked with wholesome food. The rooms and toilets were very clean well kept. I would recommend this place for families especially.106 Me and my daughter enjoyed staying in Teresas and Hughs house.<br/>It is nice and quiet and there´s a beautiful garden with some seats.<br/>The house is easy to reach by bus or rail. Teresa and Hugh are <br/>very friendly and helpfully. Every guest gets a plan which shows the way to the shopping center and the railway station. That was very<br/>helpful. We really enjoyed our stay in Dublin.107 We had a good time with Teresa and Hugh.The reception was warm.Since the house is located on the outskirts, we use the Luasbahn to get to the center. <br/> Thanks to great documents (site plan, useful data, information on public transport), orientation was easily possible.Great! <br/> Thanks to the two!108 Teresa and Hugh were so wonderful! They were kind and very welcoming, and their home was very comfortable.109 Very sweet time here. The room was clean as well as the bathroom. We very much enjoyed chatting with Teresa and her husband. They were very kind to give us directions and advice on places to go. Would recommend to someone who wants to stay in a quiet neighborhood.110 Teresa and her husband were very welcoming to us.  Once we arrived (with the help of her excellent directions), we got a tour, hot tea, and an overview of things to do while we were there with tons of helpful maps. Everything was clean and tidy. The shower was hot, the bed was soft, and the view out the window was picturesque! We really enjoyed our stay thanks to the kindness Teresa showed us!111 We had a wonderful stay with Teresa and Hugh. Their cottage was very comfortable, and both Teresa and Hugh were more than helpful and welcoming. They went out of their way to help us when our checked bag went missing by the airline for 4 days. They were warm and caring and funny, and ever so helpful. We highly recommend staying with them!112 We spent 4 days in Dublin<br/> The apartment is perfect: very clean and well located<br/> 3 bus lines nearby (10 min to City Center) and a large supermarket 2 minutes.<br/> For walkers, the center is 25 minutes walk and the Jameson museum 15 minutes.<br/> I highly recommend this apartment<br/> Eve-Anne113 We felt very comfortable in the studio and liked to come back after a strenuous sightseeing day.Liam greeted us very warmly and quickly solved our questions and wishes.We can only recommend the apartment, especially since it is very quiet and the city can be easily reached on foot or by bus.114 The greeting was great, and we really appreciated the pick-up service at the airport. We were in the Brendan Behan suite. It was clean and had all the advertised amenities. It is small, but was clean and had plenty of room for two people who like each other. The window looks out onto a fantastic view of the city, and we spent a good bit of time happily staring out at it. The location couldn't be better with easy access by bus to everything downtown. Phoenix park is very close, and the Tesco is five minutes from the apartment. We would definitely stay here again.115 Perfect place! Great location, everything was clean and Liam was very helpful and nice.116 The Studio was nice and clean and we loved staying there. <br/>We had everything we needed very close to the studio (tesco, bars, a bus that brings you to the city center).  <br/>Liam organized a driver to pick us up from the airport and everything worked out great! The driver was very nice and helpful. <br/>We haven't met Liam but we found a little guestbook in the studio where a lot of guest gave advises for traveling around Dublin, must sees, bus lines to take and a lot of sweet words for Liam, so I felt very good welcomed. <br/>We havnt had the time to write something in that book, but little advice for people not from the UK: If you want to get on a bus and you r wondering why the bus does not stop at your station, it's because you have to wave:-D<br/><br/>Thank you Liam, for letting us stay at your sweet studio! We really appreciated it!117 Both Liam and the Molly Malone apartment were fantastic! Liam was so accommodating and it was no problem that we arrived later than he could meet us at the apartment. We never met Liam in person, but any time we had a question he responded immediately and was so friendly over the phone. <br/>The apartment itself was so great for us. It's plenty big for two friends exploring Dublin and its surroundings, and the place is really quiet.  It has everything you could need. We used the well equipped kitchen for every breakfast and a few later meals, and were so happy to discover a drawer stuffed full of maps, guides, and brochures for every activity possible in Dublin. There is a Tesco really close by, as well as another one in the opposite direction about 15 minutes down Old Cabra Road.  Plus, the bus stop to the center is only steps from the front door.<br/>We would definitely stay here again, and highly recommend it for anyone who wants a quiet place to stay for a few days in Dublin. Thanks again, Liam!<br/>Best, Lara and Agata118 Liam received us very well, including the airport shuttle service. He proved to be attentive to our needs. A exceletente host. Thank you very much, Liam. Elizaida119 Jacinta, Patrick and his two pets, made us feel very comfortable.The house is quiet, beautiful and great.<br/><br/> The room is perfect for three, with a private shower and the lodge that gives independence.Breakfast is simply wonderful: local products, freshly baked breads, juices, cereals.Nothing of anything!<br/><br/> The bus is really at the door, both to go to Dublin beach, and to go to the center.It does not take more than 15 min.The dart (train) to visit the coast is 10 minutes walk.The Yacht pub is five minutes and serve Irish food of very good quality.<br/><br/> Anyway, if we return to Dublin, we already know where to stay!120 Jacinta was fantastic and very accommodating on such late notice, especially allowing me to book for two friends who were struggling to find a place to stay. <br/>She responded to messages straight away and was very helpful. <br/>The accommodation itself was very clean and comfortable. <br/>Would definitely recommend. <br/>121 At Jacintas house we stayed for another two nights at the end of our Ireland trip - it was like coming home again! We loved our room, it is comfortable and cosy, we felt immediately familiar. Jacinta gave us so many ideas and tipps for visiting Dublin. With the bus it took only 10-12 mins to the city. When you look for locations for eating, don't hesitate to ask Jacinta, she is really in her element! <br/>Short: Wonderful place, nice hosts - recommended to everyone!122 Generally one knows very early on how one feels about another human being.  So it was with Jacinta - we were quickly and warmly welcomed into her light-filled home, and she made us feel instantly at ease. Everything in the room was just as the photos showed and the breakfast the next morning was absolutely lovely.  We only wished we could have spent more time there.  We will definitely stay again if we go back to Dublin.  Thanks so much Jacinta!123 Our stay by Jacinta was very pleasant;Cozy and well -furnished house, comfortable room and pity.Jacinta pleasantly welcomed us with The and Muffin and given excellent tips to visit the city and its surroundings.We recommend everyone to stay in this beautiful house a stone's throw from the sea and only ten minutes of bus from the center.<br/><br/> Really Recommended, Clean House, Near to City Center and Very Kind and Helpful Host.124 We had a very pleasant stay from July 7 to 15, 2015 with Teresa and her husband.The house is very pleasant and Teresa is not stingy with advice.A bus stop (nº 14) is around a hundred meters to go to the city center.<br/> walking a little more you will find Dundrum station and can take the Luas.Which will take you directly to St Stephen's Green.At the start of the famous "Grafton Street".<br/> Vincent <br/>125 The house is just like in the pics: colourful, clean and comfortable, we really liked staying there. Teresa and her husband are truly helpful, and really funny, nice people, they helped us with maps, and useful information. It was great to meet them.126 Teresa and her husband were our first host in Irland. We arrived late but her husband and herself were friedly and warm hearted from the beginning. It was a realy nice stay and we met a lot of friedly people. Thanks to Teresa for telling us the way to Glendalogh. It was such a wonderfull place. <br/>The room was realy confortable and clean.<br/>Thanks a lot for everything<br/>Regards<br/>Mathias and Eva <br/>127 This bed and breakfast is cosy, clean and very comfortable. Teresa and her husband couldn't do enough to help us. The breakfast options were great and we really felt at home. The neighborhood is very pretty too!128 Comfortable and at ease is how I would describe the atmosphere at Holly Cottage. Teresa and Hugh were very welcoming.  Their home is situated in a residential area yet only minutes from Dundrum village as well as the popular Dundrum shopping area. Just a few short paces from the house is a bus stop traveling directly in to Dublin city center.  As an independent traveler who enjoys walking, taking public transport  and discovering new neighborhoods outside the hustle and bustle of the city this spot is just perfect. My room was homey with plenty of space. The kitchen area was available for use. Teresa and Hugh were fabulous. Thanks129 My daughter and I stayed with Teresa for 3 nights as it was grist time for both of us . Teresa was a great help in directions and places to visit. The bedroom was so cosy warm and quite, when we came back to the house after been out all day the heating was on so nice and warm to come back too . Tresea had breakfast on the table to help yourself to with Irish bread . I will highly recommended Teresa she is very helpful friendly and a great out look in live . You won't be disappointed I will definitely will stay again. It was easy to get to from Dublin city only have to catch one bus .130 Staying with Hugh and Teresa was great. They were hospitable and very helpful in finding our way around. Breakfast was very well organized and the shared bath with other guests worked just fine. All in all a great experience!131 Because of a significant delay in our flight, we arrived very late in the evening at Teresa and Hugh who waited for us and welcomed kindly.They provided us with all useful information on transport, visits to Dublin and surroundings.The continental breakfast including various cereals and fruit was self -service.Our room was clean and comfortable, the environment of the cottage quiet and safe.As a whole, very pleasant stay with nice hosts.132 Meeting Teresa and Hugh was a very positive experience. It was a delight chatting to them. They open their house to stangers, so this makes them very special people. The house itself is in a lovely quiet neighbourhood but also convenient for public transport.133 The description of the house is exactly how the house is, cosy and comfortable. The neighborhood is calm and very safe. Teresa and her family are very lovely people. We realy appreciated our stay with them.134 We had a lovely stay with Teresa! Our room was better than described. :) Teresa and her husband were more than helpful when we arrived with maps and tips on what bus to take and even let us use their shop vac to clean out our rental car. The room was cosy, the breakfast was handy and the location was a very quick walk to the bus stop.135 Teresa and Hugh were wonderful and welcoming. They made us feel right at home. Teresa was so willing to help us with making plans for the weekend, and it was amazing to see such a passion helping her guests have a personalized experience. We had the best night sleep with the heated blankets and couldn't have asked for anything better. The included breakfast and tea were a great way to start our day. <br/>We were given fantastic advice on where to go outside of Dublin, such as a hike to see the powerscourt waterfall in Enniskerry (highly recommended). <br/>The rooms were exactly as expected as well as the facilities. <br/>Would love to come back if we ever have the chance!136 What a charming place and a charming caring host! Thanks soooooo much for having us Teresa.137 The quiet and residential area is very well located for catching the tram luas direct online from Dundrum to St Stephen's Green, in the center of Dublin we were very well received by our host, despite the late hour of our arrival.Our host served us tea/coffee and toast while he briefs us on the mode of operation of the house and the paths and buses to take out of the house.<br/> Pleasant hosts with a good sense of humor that we appreciated.<br/> Thank you again for your welcome.138 Exquisite treatment.We feel at home, very cozy.Teresa and her husband are lovely people who help you in everything they can.The house is very well equipped, better than we thought.The neighborhood is traquilo, near a large shopping center and very well communicated.139 Teresa and her husband made this a truly wonderful time.<br/>From a warm welcome, we were shown around their house.<br/>They made sure we knew where everything was and how the shower worked.<br/>Their homemade guide was lovely and very informative.<br/>Their inclusive breakfast really set you up for the day.<br/>A truly lovely couple who are a shining example of the perfect AirBnB hosts.<br/>We will stay again.140 Place is clean and comfortable. About 25 minutes with bus or tram to center of Dublin. Everything necessary is available in the spacious bathroom. Teresa and her husband are talkative people and always available to give you information.141 My grandmother and I had a lovely stay in Theresa and Hugh's beautiful cottage. Both were very welcoming, hospitable and gave us plenty of help and guidance. I will recommend to all! Breakfast was lovely and the location was perfect. Thank you for a fantastic time!142 Me and my brother spent couple of days in this wonderful house. Teresa and her husband offer us everything we needed for stay including trip ideas and tips for the city. Both were very helpful in every situation. I would love to stay here again.143 Teresa was outstanding. She made our trip wonderful by providing us with all the information about transportation, great places to see that we may have overlooked in preparing for the trip, a relaxed and fun home to start our mornings in and all the power connectors we needed for our cameras, computers, et cetera.<br/>The bedrooms, bathroom, and kitchen were sparkling clean and easily accessible. The back yard was a nice area to relax over morning coffee or an evening chat. <br/>The location is in a great area near bus stops for access to the city center and walkable to the Dundrum outdoor mall.<br/>Teresa was always available to chat with or ask questions of. She and her husband made us feel at home.144 Wonderful welcoming from Teresa and extremely well placed. Dublin is easily accessible by public transport. Teresa gave us great advice for visits. A brilliant all round trip to Dublin145 After a long and delayed trip into Dublin, Teresa and her husband were so incredibly welcoming and helpful. Holly Cottage is an adorable house in the Churchtown area. We were not expecting just how out of the city the location was, but it was very convenient to public transit and the place/hosts itself made it all worth it!146 Teresa and her husband were most congenial and helpful in acclimating us to the local surroundings, shops and restaurants. The home is ideally situated in south Dublin close to a shopping mall and Dundrum Station where one may catch a tram to St. Stephen's green for less than two euros.  Another advantage is they have some off street parking on the property.  All and all I'd say, as Teresa may put it, our stay was grand and lovely.147 Teresa was a wonderful host. Very enthusiastic and approachable. She is the sweetest! Our room was great! They provided everything we needed to have a comfortable stay, even converters for plugs. On the first day, they were sweet enough to provide maps and print outs of any transportation we would need to get into city center. That really helped us better plan our trip.148 We were welcomed like old friends not renters. She gave us good advice of what to do in Dublin and how to get around the town with public transportation .  Coffee was always available.  And She let us rest in a quiet room after a long day from California.149 Teresa was really lovely, gave us map to the city and help us to locate aroud the area to get to the luan station. The house is clean, have a cozy space, beds are confortable. The shower works well and the space aroud it is really beautiful. <br/>Definitely would stay there again!150 Teresa and her husband were incredible hosts!They welcomed us and taught us very well the whole house and the activities we could do in the city.Teresa is a fantastic, very sociable and happy person to receive her guests.We will return!151 Very welcome and availability of Teresa and her husband.Clean rooms, but the room near the bathroom can be noisy when using the shower by another host (authorized from 6 a.m. to 11 p.m.).<br/> Bus 14 to a hundred meters, but returning from the center, plan to take it around 11:15 p.m. because it does not circulate later.During the day the journey can take 30 minutes, but in the evening you will come in in 15 minutes.<br/> Tram Luas (Green Line) is 10-15 minutes' walk.He drives later.The journey takes approximately 15 minutes.152 We had a very nice stay in the twin room at Theresa's BnB in July. She's a lovely, enthusiastic person who gave us recommendations about Dublin right away. The room is good, you just have to find a way to put your luggage somewhere, since it's rather small. There is one bathroom for up to 3 rooms. It might be nice to provide more room for the guests' stuff, but you get along anyway.<br/>The breakfast consists of cereals and milk or white bread and jam/honey/nutella. Theresa provides something else sometimes, like cookies. You can have black tea or coffee. For anything you like you can also sit in the garden area, which was nice. If it's important to you that everything's clean and tidy the garden might not be for you since it's rather wild.<br/>In the evening Theresa let us use her microwave, which was very kind.<br/>The only thing that was difficult was the boiler of the shower since it was adjacent to our room. It was really loud when used, even with oropax. Since shower times are from 6am to 11.30pm you could be disturbed by that.<br/>Overall it was a wonderful time at Theresa's which we really enjoyed! Heartly people and a nice neighborhood (shopping mall is great), Dublin reachable in 25min altogether.153 This was a wonderful place to stay! The space is very quiet, private and comfortable. The breakfast options were great and Jacinta is a lovely host--we had such great conversations. If (when) we come back to Dublin, we will definitely stay here again!154 From the cat and dog to mom and dad, they were all very welcoming.  The bus is only a 5 minute walk.  It was 15 euros to and from the ferry port.  There is a nice place to eat at the end of the street.  Jacinta is a very good cook and made scones for us when I said I really liked them.  The beds were comfy and it was a treat to come to a room that was clean after the airbnb dump we had just left in London.  There was a large sitting room we were welcome to use, and I sent the girls down there to give myself a break at one point.  I was too tired to say yes, but one evening Jacinta asked if I wanted to share a bottle of wine with her which was very nice.155 Jacinta was the ultimate hostess. Welcomed me with a cuppa and a nice chat. Room was very clean and comfortable. In a great location and beautiful neighborhood. Close to the river and the city centre. Highly recommend staying here!156 Jacinta and Pat were really welcoming to their lovely house in a nice area of Dublin. Everything was great, room was fine, breakfast great and J and P were really helpful for everything we needed. Thanks!157 What a perfect place for my friend and I to stay for 3 nights in Dublin! In fact, we enjoyed it so much that we decided to spend our last night here before catching our return flight the next day (how nice to be greeted with a hug;). Our hosts, Jacinta and her husband Patrick were very gracious and interesting people to talk to and share travelling stories with. They were also very helpful with information and suggestions of where to go and what to see, not only in Dublin but in other areas of Ireland as well. Location was good as we quickly learned how to get 'home' from the city centre on the local buses, usually in less than 10 minutes. I would definitely stay here again when I return to Ireland...someday158 We got a great welcome !  an unexpected smoke salmon and glass of wine in the sitting room with the other (interesting)  guests. Jacintha and Patrick  were good conversationalists about the area Irish culture and this certainly enhanced our stay. She was relaxed about the timing of things - a great help - and allowed us to just help ourselves when we knew where the breakfast things were. she made us tea at random hours... She even allowed me to take her towels to my swim. well worth it. The shower was a bit short for us tall people.159 Wonderful host, warm welcoming and caring. It was a fantastic home to spend my first trip to Ireland and enjoy a new friendship from a local host. The room was large and very comfortable. It was only a minute wait for a Hailo Taxi to show up and Jacintas home and family make this place feel very welcome and safe.160 A warm and welcoming hospitality, a collected and well -kept environment, a rich and varied breakfast.The house is in a quiet location close to the sea and it takes twenty minutes by bus to reach the center.Jacinta is very friendly<br/>161 I had a fantastic time staying with Jacinta in her lovely home. Her and Pat were so friendly and welcoming. The location is in a wonderfully peaceful neighbourhood with great links into town. Would recommend to anyone visiting Dublin.162 This great room for 3 people is really lovely decorated. Jacinta & Pat where so helpful, friendly and kind, we really felt being home! <br/>With the bus around the corner and the dart it's easy and quick to go to the city center or the coast.<br/>Thx for having us there again. We're looking forward to our summer trip. :)163 We had the best time in Dublin. Jacinta and Patrick were the best hosts and helped us to find interesting things to do while we were there. They also gave us recommendations for very good places to eat.<br/>The room (and the house in general) was lovely and very clean and we really enjoyed the abundant and delicious breakfast that they gave us.<br/>Very good experience. Totally recommended!164 Thank you for Jacinta and Patrick for giving us a wonderful and comfy accommodation when we were traveling in Dublin. They were very kind to us and friendly. Highly recommended.<br/>Leo, Phoebe & Sarah165 I stayed in Dublin for work for four weeks, and this flat was an ideal base for me: very close to a bus route and a Tescos, 1/3 of a mile from Phoenix Park, the right side of Dublin for the airport, and about 20 minutes walk from central Dublin. <br/><br/>The flat was very clean and quiet, and Liam was an excellent and helpful host. Bed was large and considerable. Linen and towels are provided and are replaced every week. <br/><br/>Wifi is reliable, but make sure you connect to the right router! (Liam can advise.)<br/><br/>Overall, a happy experience.166 Teresa and her husband have been very helpful for us. The room and amenities as described. We had free use of the kitchen garden. Local bus to center town is close.<br/>Thanks a lot for these nice days, for chatting with us and being lovely !167 This was our first experience with air bnb and we couldn't be happier!<br/>Teresa and Hugh made us feel right at home, they were extremely helpful with public transport and places to visit and eat.<br/>Their home is very cosy and welcoming, and we highly recommend staying with them. Thankyou so much again!168 Teresa and Hugh are supersweet! Made us feel very welcome. Explained all touristic info and ways to and from it!169 Teresa and Hugh were very friendly and helpful, even when my daughter was not doing so well in one day, Teresa helped us and provided my daughter with the necessary.I also found it a good idea from Teresa that we could do our breakfast ourselves, so we were not tied to a precise time.Breakfast was sufficient, there was toast bread with jam, orange juice, coffee, tea, fruit.<br/><br/> We felt very comfortable, the only thing I didn't like so much that we had to share the bathroom and toilet with 6 people, but that was also in the description.<br/><br/> The bus stop was only 2 minutes away from the accommodation with which we then drove to the center.The trip lasted about 30 minutes.<br/><br/> I would definitely recommend the accommodation.Thanks again to Teresa and Hugh.170 This was our first experience with Airbnb and our first visit to Ireland. Everything about our host and the beautiful country far exceeded our wishes and expectations. <br/><br/>The accommodations were very comfortable, and we didn't want for anything. Our host was very helpful and took time to answer our questions, to share information about the Dublin area and beyond, and to inquire about additional needs we might have. <br/><br/>The cottage is located in a nice, quiet, and safe neighborhood in Dundrum. It is just a 10-15 minute walk from the Luas train that we rode into Dublin City Centre (15-20 minute ride).  <br/><br/>I wouldn't hesitate to visit again and hope to do so!!171 The listing described the property perfectly.  Teresa and Hugh were wonderful hosts. The room was cozy and supplied with all the amenities, USB chargers, electric bed warmers.  Hugh and Teresa have a number of brochures for touring and Hugh has drawn an easy to follow map to everything in the neighborhood.  Teresa was kind enough to arrange a cab for us as well as book a tour to the Wicklow mountains.172 Teresa and her husband were so helpful before and during our stay. Teresa notified me of the bus strike and the best places and travel cards etc before we arrived. When we had arrived, her husband showed us a map of Dublin asked us what things we interested in and told us the best places for us and the exact bus/train routes to get there! Such lovely people and so welcoming! The room was nice and clean, and bed was super comfy!173 Great hosts. Nice room. Nice neighborhood. Would stay again174 Very nice cottage! Very clean, kitchen available, wifi, heated comfortable bed. Nice, safe neighbourhood. Close to the bus stop to get to the main city centre (about a 20 minute bus ride in). Would recommend 👍🏼175 Teresa and her husband were so welcoming when we stayed with them. Anytime we had a question about how things worked they helped me and my friend out. It was a lovely stay!176 We were very happy with the place. The location is great - 15 minutes walk from Dundrum shopping area (has many wonderful shops and restaurants) and 10-15 minutes walk to the Laus (depending on if you are a fast or slow walker). Close proximity to the Laus is great since it takes only 10-15 minutes to get into the center of town. While the bus stop to the town center is down the road to the house, we elected to walk to the Laus since it does not get stuck in traffic! The hosts were welcoming and very helpful.  Great stay!177 Teresa and her husband were very kind, they gave us useful information also on what to visit, the house is very pretty and the abundant breakfast.The husband waited for us until late at night for check in.178 Teresa was really Nice and welcoming!179 Great stay and public transport (Luas) within walking distance (15 minutes) and with 15 minutes in the bustling center.Teresa is very helpful and a very active hostess.180 Very welcoming, a cozy apartment perfect for two/three people. Wifi was good. Fresh Towels were available. We are three college girls and when we came back around 12am one night there were cat calling/drunk men that scared us so be aware if you are coming back late to be careful and aware of your surroundings. Overall it was a nice place to stay.181 I spent 3 days by Liam with my mother an brother and we enjoyed our stay there very much. Apartment was very nice, clean and very good located. We could just walk to the center on foot. Liam also always helped us when we needed. I can sure recommend this apartment!182 Cosy apartment,  great location.  We enjoyed our stay very much and Liam was helpful!183 Our stay in Liam apartment was perfekt. Nice place, easy to find, clean, easy to go down town. I can recomend it. We didn´t meet Liam but we got a very easy description how to get there and how to find the key. Thank you !<br/><br/>184 Staying at Liam's was perfect from all points of view. I would definitely recommend his place to other people interested in a cozy accomodation not too far from Dublin city center.185 First Airbnb experience, so a little afraid at the beginning, but in the end very happy with the apartment.A little out of the way, suddenly quite calm, but well served by 4 buses that lead to the center.The apartment was clean and welcoming, we saw Liam that the space of 10 minutes during which he gave us good addresses and a card (which served us more than our stay).A supermarket, a pub, a pharmacy and even a bakery nearby.We knew that we had a good time in Dublin, but this apartment really satisfied us.<br/> Thank you for all Liam!186 The appartment is on a perfect place in dublin. There is a bus stop just a few steps from the front door. <br/>Walking to the city centre takes you 45 minutes.<br/><br/>We slept in the Molly Malone room and the room has all facilities (little kitchen as well).<br/>The appartment was clean and nice.<br/>We will recomend this appartment to others!<br/><br/>Thanks Liam for the nice stay!<br/>187 Small but also well organized, the apartment is very well connected to the city centre, it takes 40 min to walk. We haven't met Liam but he gave us specific and clear instructions to find key on our own. Thank you!188 The flat was exactly as photographed. Clean and cozy and the location was great. Liam was very easy to contact as well. Would definitely stay here again if back in Dublin.189 This apartment was great! The photos look just like the real place. Everything we expected. The only thing is, is that it was our first time in Ireland and the bus stops in the area are a little confusing so I would suggest asking Liam for some direction in that area. Otherwise amazing stay!! He was very helpful. The post says it fits 2-3, but 4 could comfortable stay there as well. Couch turns into a double bed.190 Liam's place was fantastic! I stayed in the Seamus Heaney studio (which I believe had recently been renovated) for a week and it had everything I needed. I felt safe in the neighborhood and there is a Tesco (grocery store) very close by, as well as a restaurant/bar called Hanlon's, which makes a great Irish Breakfast. There were extra towels, toilet paper, pillows, and even an extra duvet and it was immaculate. Next time I'm in town, I plan on looking Liam up again. He was available by movie and always responded to any queries I had immediately. Thank you, Liam!!191 Great apartment easily enough room for 3 and even 4, perfect location for traveling to Dublin centre, the walk isn't even that long! Host was great, instructions given where easy to follow overall brilliant stay!192 Had a great trip to London. A very convenient location, easy walk to central Dublin. Apartment was warm and comfortable with everything needed for a short stay. Liam was friendly and helpful.193 Super stay in Liam's accommodation!There was everything you need, nothing to complain about!Do not hesitate for a moment it is a super accommodating and very attentive person.<br/> I recommend194 There are 8 rental units in this large town house. Some large   some smaller. We stayed in the Molly Mallone which is a  studio size apartment and very quiet on the back of bldg.   Close to bus lines to downtown Dublin. Lovely comfortable bed and nice modern bathroom and shower. Good amenities and great for a few days. We only used the built in kitchen for coffee making and cereal etc. in the morning  but by reading the guest book several people used it for larger meals, (unit has lots of pots and pans). Very adequate, safe area, near supermarket and post office. Would recommend  for sure.195 My wife and I had an amazing time. Nice little apartment that was perfect for us. It was clean and comfortable. Easy access to public transportation. Definitely would recommend this place.196 I didn't meet Liam, but everything was well organised for gaining access and I didn't have any issues, the apartment had no surprises, was clean, well provisioned and met my expectations as per the pictures and details provided. It was fully contained which was a concern I had initially, bed, couch, kitchen and bathroom all safely located in the apartment. <br/><br/>Positives : Clean, well provisioned and fully contained.<br/><br/>Negatives : The shower was a bit small and the area itself wasn't very upmarket, but I didn't feel unsafe at any point.197 Liam greeted us like he'd met us before. His detailed explanation of the apartment was exactly as we had imagined from the Airbnb listing. The area is quiet. We heard nothing from other building residents or from outside and yet close to pubs and restaurants.<br/>Our first Airbnb. Very pleased.198 Thank you very much for everything. Unfortunately we didn't have a pen, hence we couldn't write some kind words in your guestbook. We promise that we will do so when we return next time. We are definitely coming back since we fell in love with Dublin just right away after we touched down and things got even better any minute. It was a perfect stay.199 Nice accommodation, a little small for 3 people.For 2 it would be very good.Near restaurants, bars and transportation to the city center.We did not meet Liam, but he was always in contact and quickly answered our questions.200 We loved the place even though the shower was very small. The flat itself is very good and has everything you need for a comfortable stay. Liam was a great communicator and if we had a query he was quick to respond which is great when you are arriving in a new city. Great location, easy to get to central Dublin (walk or bus) and if inclined to hire a car to get out into the countryside. Highly recommended.201 We spent a very good week in the Lian’s apartment; it is well located, nice and as shown in the pictures. However, maintenance and cleaning were not as good as they should. Also the heating gets off a couple of times during the day and at night (which is supposed to be a matter of programming, and the normal operation!!!), and it was quite cold in Dublin at the time!!!<br/><br/>On the other hand, Lian is very kind man and he came immediately when we called him to solve a temporary problem we had with the supply of electricity (out of his responsibility).<br/><br/>In summary, we would be happy to come back to this apartment, but would appreciate a better maintenance.202 My family and I had the best time in Dublin whist staying here. The house is very spacious and beautifully decorated and it’s located in a very nice, residential area. Jacinta and Patrick were lovely hosts helping us with relevant information and suggestions and always being there when we needed something. They made us feel very welcome and we’d stay there again in a heartbeat.203 Jacinta and Patrick were great hosts for our weekend in Dublin! They were very helpful getting us oriented to the city and made us feel at home. Our room was exactly as pictured, clean and comfortable. Every morning started with a good breakfast and warm presence with our hosts. Thanks again!204 We had a really good stay at Jacinta's. Every morning there was a well organized breakfast. There was even Dutch cheese available. The room was very nice and the beds really comfortable. The neighbourhood was quiet and nice and had a great connection to the city centre of Dublin. Or a 45 minute walk. The restaurant/pub Yacht on the bottom of St. Lawrence Street is also worth a visit.205 Jacinta and Patrick made us feel extremely welcome. Informed us of local restaurants, places to visit local transport. We felt very comfortable in their home.206 for our second stay in Dublin by Jacinta and Pat , everything was perfect as the first time. For us, this is the place to stay . As Pat gave us our first Irish language lesson , we will return for the following ..... or to attend a mach at the Aviva Stadium.207 Jacinta and her husband Patrick are great hosts. It was my first stay at a airbnb accommodation, but Jacinta helpfully answered all my questions. The room is perfect for a family, with a double bed and a single bed upstairs.<br/>From Jacinta's house one can easily go to Croke Park and the City Center by bus. The bus stop is just down the street.<br/>We really enjoyed our stay in your house, Jacinta. Thanks for the lovely hosting and your help and recommondations!208 Jacinta was wonderfully friendly from the very beginning. We felt very welcome at Jacinta and Pat's beautiful big home. The room is very comfortable and tidy. <br/>The location, too, is great for anybody who wants to be not quite in the center of everything but not too far removed either. It's just a couple minutes to the bus stop, and the bus is quick (maybe 15 minutes, depending on traffic) and you get to see the north side of Dublin as you're going into the center.<br/>Jacinta gave us very good recommendations on what to do.<br/>Would definitely recommend.209 My sister, her friend and I really enjoyed our stay. The room was perfect for three people. We also enjoyed the delicious breakfast in the morning and the silence in the road. It was a good balance to life in the city center.210 Jacinta is friendly and helpful host. She gave us a lot of information for sightseeing, that's why we could enjoy our stay in Dublin. The room has a cozy loft. My friend really loves it!211 Jacinta and Pat were two wonderful tenants, who made us feel like our home. Our stay was very comfortable and I strongly recommend them.The room was perfectly clean and welcoming and the house is less than a minute walk from the promenade, and it is still a very central base to discover the (Website Hidden by Airbnb) home is very close to Pub, Supermarket, bus stop and thereThere are many parking lots for your car. Thanks for the beautiful hospitality and your help ..............212 My fiancé and I had a wonderful experience. The location was ideal and the accommodations were clean and quite nice. Jacinta herself was accommodating and willing to give us directions or any information we requested. She even left some honey and lemon in the eating area for me when I got a cold! We would recommend Jacinta's home to anyone!213 What an amazing experience. I always looked forward to going to Ireland but I had no I idea I would get everything I got out of it and Jacinta is what made the difference. Her hospitality was above and beyond. She knew exactly where to go and details/ history about each of those places. The room was absolutely wonderful as well for me and my friends. We had just the perfect amount of space and her house in general was gorgeous. The eating area was very pleasant and was also unexpected that they were generous enough to offer that too us. Her location was great for places to get food and having a wonderful view of the sea and perfect walk to the beach. She was also right off a main road so it was easy access to any bus and to the city centre. My trip would have been no where as simple as it was if it was not for Jacinta and Patricks home. When I saw her home on airbnb I was in love and my friend and I knew we had to stay there. Thank goodness we did because the experience was unforgettable. In the end I gained a friend and that's more than I could have hoped for.214 Jacinta was one of the most pleasant people I have ever encountered. She's extremely sweet, witty, and welcoming. She was so accomidating and made us feel at ease right away. It felt like a home away from home. Patrick(hopefully I got that right) her husband, was also very sweet and welcoming. She gave us lots of recommendations and ended up driving us to the bus Plaza when we were in a pinch. I could continue to write about my pleasant interactions with jacinta, but I don't want to eat up your day, so I'll get on to the accommodations.  The neighborhood is beautiful and very central. The home itself was even nicer than the photos suggest, and the shared dining room was fantastic. The room itself was comfy and clean, the shower had great water pressure and seemed to have an endless supply of hot water. If you're visiting Dublin, definitely seek out Jacinta, she'll make you feel at home. :)<br/>Thanks again Jacinta!!215 Jacinta was a fantastic host from start to finish. She emailed me a giant Word document with all the info I could ever need, fed me and my boyfriend homemade tea cake, called us a cab not once but twice and gave us amazing suggestions on where to eat. The bus stop is a 3 minute walk from the house but you can walk into the city center in about 40 minutes if it's nice out/you're feeling energetic. Everything was spotlessly clean and very comfortable. Staying with her and Pat was a total pleasure.216 We had a great stay with Jacinta, she is a fabulous host and made us feel very welcome. The room we stayed in is lovely and stocked with plenty of towels and toiletries for us to use. Jacinta goes above and beyond in making sure that there are lots of supplies available for breakfast. The location of the house is perfect to get into Dublin city in a short amount of time with the bus and DART stops a short walk away. We will definitely be back to stay with Jacinta and have won't hesitate in recommending the place to other people.217 Staying with Jacinta was amazing! Highly highly recommend staying here. She was so kind and helpful- even calling a cab for us and driving us into town. The bedroom accommodated us perfectly for 3 people. We have zero complaints about this bnb and hope to stay with her again soon! She seriously goes above and beyond for her guests, making you feel right at home. This being our first bnb- I can't imagine staying at a better place!218 Fantastic place to stay with fantastic hosts! Location is great is you want to see dublin as well as travel to other parts of Ireland. I would definitely stay here again.219 The place was exactly as described, so it met our expectations. Perfect hosts. Respect the privacy of the quests. We felt very welcome in Dublin.220 Highly recommended accommodation.Quiet, with intimacy, clean ... although it is 15-20 minutes by bus from the dublin center the stay far "this small inconvenience."An accommodation that we would repeat again if we visit Dublin again.221 Everything fits absolutely perfect. The room was cozy and clean with the best mattress I had in years.<br/>Both Teresa and Hugh are lovely hosts and very accommodating if you needed anything. They gave a good information package for the city as well as possible day-trips and were always available for a nice chat.<br/><br/>Breakfast was good basics and we could always make ourselves a nice cuppa at any time of the day. On the occasion that we had some sunshine we were able to sit in the spacious garden.<br/><br/>My mum and I had a great time revisiting Dublin and the house was on a good location near the Dundrum Shopping centre with the Luas and other bus lines or the bus right in front of the doorstep.<br/><br/>All in all we had a great time and would always recommend Teresa and Hugh as hosts. We look forward to coming back some day.222 My father and I are visiting the Dublin area for a conference. Teresa and Hugh we wonderful hosts! Off the bat, Teresa's directions to her home were spot on. Hugh   Answered the door and had a handout of rules and expectations, in addition to a map around the neighborhood. And they have wifi! <br/><br/>I recommend Teresa's highly.223 Teresa and Hugh are incredibly nice, friendly and lovely people, they helped us with everything we asked for!!!<br/>It felt like we were home!!<br/>The room was cozy and the beds were pleasantly comfortable and warm, we slept very well. It was easy to find, everything we needed was close by, shops,bus and also the tram. Restaurants and pubs were within walkin distance.<br/>If we ever go back to Dublin again, we will go again to Teresa and Hugh !!!224 Teresa and her husband, Hugh, were amazingly accomadating and just in general lovely to be around. The house was clean and very stylish and the rooms were the perfect size. They came with much appreciated adapters and extension plugs. The bathroom is shared, but I never experienced a wait for the bathroom. Most of the time it feels like you're in your own little slice of the house. (which is nice after being around people all day) But if you wait around, you'll be lucky to catch a lovely conversation with Teresa as she busies herself about the kitchen, or with Hugh during his morning cup of tea. <br/><br/>We were able to easily traverse around town and the Luas stop was only about 5 minutes away on foot, which made it easy to go into Dublin City Centre nearly every day! Teresa and Hugh provided us with all the information we would need about the area, Dublin City and transportation. <br/><br/>Overall the stay was above and beyond what we expected and would most definitely look them up upon our return! Highly recommended to anyone! Lovely neighborhood and lovely hosts.225 This is a really cosy place to stay. Teresa and Hugh were so lovely and helpful! The heated blankets were also a nice touch. Definitely a bit out of the way. It's not difficult to get to the city center, but it is a ways from the airport. Would recommend if you have a lot of time in Dublin and want a calmer stay.226 Teresa and her husband are charming, they have made us feel at home.The very cozy house, with electric blankets, USB for mobile phones and a delicious breakfast.If I go to Dublin I would go there227 Teresa is an excellent host. Very friendly with lots of local knowledge and tips. My stay was very comfortable and the location was great for local transport. I would not hesitate to recommend Teresa's place to anyone.228 It is the 3rd time I book this accommodation for my colleagues traveling from London and I cannot be thankful enough for the attention Teresa and her husband put into hosting. The place is very nice and the hosts are the loveliest! Highly recommended!229 :)230 Teresa was very helpful in giving us directions and tips and made us feel very welcomed!231 Nice and clean apartment a bit outside of the city center. <br/>Teresa was really kind and caring and booked a bus trip to Glendalough for us. She also had some other informations for sightseeing in and outside of Dublin. Breakfast was nice. We had a good time!232 Teresa is an absolute gem! Her and her husband are full full of life. They’re incredibly accommodating—helped with rescheduling, planning, and provide almost everything you’ll need. She had our room stocked with fresh towels, heated blankets, water, adaptors for our devices, as well as the bathroom socked with all your shower and bathroom needs. Before we arrived she offered tips and trick for places to go and how to get around the fastest (and cheapest).  I would stay with her over and over again if I could.233 Teresa and her husband are amazing hosts! They are extremely helpful, always available if there is a question and their house is simply fabolous. The room is spacious and comfortable, everything is neat and tidy. Really good neighbourhood and easy to get into the city by LUAS. Absolutely and highly recommended, we would definitely come back to them if we were in Dublin again!234 My family and I are so thankful to have been hosted by such a great family.  After flittering through Ireland for several days, we finally arrived in Dublin where we were grateful to have found FREE parking directly outside the 3 story home we were staying in.... Jacinta and her husband were extremely welcoming, allowing us an opportunity to sit and relax with tea while they gave us the "inside" scoop as to where to eat (family restaurant directly down the street), bus tickets, Dublin tours, the do's and don'ts of Dublin etc .... The home is located 10 minutes from the City, with a bus pick up directly down the street... To cab into the city, cost an estimated 11-14 euro if needed.  I would defiantly recommend staying here, as my family and I already have thoughts of returning.235 We had a nice stay. the room was clean and is only a short bus ride away from the city. jacinta is a polite host. :)236 Jacinta was a perfect host,<br/>very nice and sympatetic!<br/>The house was full of nice details and books, the room/bathroom cleans and cosy...<br/>I hope to come back in Dublin soon or later I'll be happy to meet her again!237 My two friends and I spent 2 nights at Jacinta's for a weekend getaway to Dublin. From the moment the booking was confirmed I knew it would be a great stay as Jacinta sent over an excellent and thorough information pack with transport details, accommodation details and travel advice. I definitely recommend reading through the info pack - it was extremely helpful in planning our trip! The house is large, the room is beautiful and comfortable and the dining area is fantastic. The room and bathroom were very clean and spacious and I loved the array of books to choose from in the bedroom. The breakfast options had great variety and there was even some lovely cake for tea time. Jacinta and her husband were wonderful, welcoming hosts offering great Dublin sightseeing tips and ensuring we were 100% relaxed and comfortable.238 Jacinta makes us feel really at home. The room is as it appears in the picture.. even better.  Jacinta' s house is very comfortable and in a very nice area very close to the city centre and very well communicated with Dublin and other areas, as Howth and Malehide.239 Jacinta greeted us very friendly and welcomed us.With a cup, she gave us a lot of information and useful tips about Dublin and the surrounding area.Our comfortably furnished room corresponded to the description in full.The house is located in a very nice quiet residential area and is the ideal starting point for excursions both into the city center and the sea.The LEAP card recommended by Jacinta has proven its worth.A taxi is recommended for the transfer of and to the airport, especially when heavy luggage is carried.240 We really felt at home at Jacinta.The room is exactly as described and nicely decorated.<br/>241 Perfect host, perfect place, perfect home!! Her warm hospitality, the cleanless of the house, her suggestions for our visit to Dublin and Clontarf itself has been very, very good for us.  A place in our heart has been secured!! I hope to will be back over there once!<br/>242 It was very positive that we had contact with Jacinta before our visit.It was always available and very helpful.<br/> We felt very welcome in your beautiful house.The room was very cozy - nothing was missing.There was a very nice lounge that we could use at any time.Tea and cookies were provided and the breakfast that we could take at any time was great.<br/> the Landlady had good tips for us at any time;She tried very hard for us.All in all, it was a very pleasant and nice stay in a good location.The bus will be in the Dublin center by bus.<br/> We would always like to be a guest in your house and can only recommend this accommodation.243 Thanks a Million, Jacinta! <br/>We had a very nice time in Your house. It is located in a very good part of Dublin, perfect to go jogging to the beach in the morning . The bus brings You to town within 10 minutes. In the evening my girls loved the italian restaurant " casa pasta" just around the corner.244 Great stay, warm welcome, cozy room and very close to the center of Dublin!245 I had an absolutely lovely stay, the listing was as good as presented in the photos if not better, Jacinta and her Husband Pat are lovely company, and very informative about the sights246 The room was perfect and Jacinta's warm welcome added with her suggestions on where to go and what to do were brilliant. Very convenient via the handy buses around her house to get to Howth for a lovely coastal walk and to town for the clustered sights. Enjoyed my week staying under her roof. Thank you, Jacinta!247 A very cozy little room over two floors in a beautiful old brick house.Great location and super -friendly hosts.248 Lovely Jacinta and the very cozy place.Highly recommended.249 Fabulous place to stay. Great location and wonderful hosts250 As my first air bnb experience I was sceptical and although I never met Liam as I arrived late after work on my arrival everything was laid out perfect with no problems . The place is very quiet which was perfect and very clean. It's in a great location bus stop 2minutes walk and shops 5. I would highly recommend. thanks so much for your hospitality.251 We did not meet Liam, but from the first moment he was attentive in everything.He facilitated all the necessary information to get to the house and he also suggested sites to visit, where to eat or go out for something.<br/> The study is the same as in the photographs.For two people it is great.He is cozy and warm.It is near the center and several bus stops.252 Liam is an excellent host who was very quick to respond to any messages or queries. The apartment is clean and has everything that you might need during your stay.253 5* great place and host had great communication<br/>254 The apartment was very well equipped, cozy and warm!It is close to the center and with a bus stop next to it.I would repeat without a doubt :)255 I was 5 nights at Liam and Fiona's appartment and I had a really nice stay. The location of it is very convenient, not far from the city centre and very well comunicated with the public transport.<br/>The appartment is nice,well equipped and with a comfortable bed.<br/>Thanks a lot Fiona for the fruit and bread. Fiona was there when I arrived and she asked my questions and was willing to help. She alsi arranged me a taxi for the airport because I had to leave the house early in the morning.<br/>I am sure that if I go back to Dublin this appartment will be my option.256 This was a nice stay at Liam's house. Check in and communication was excellent. Liam was available to answer any questions at all times. The bus into the city center is outside the apartment and very quick. Only disappointment was the wifi was very unreliable, it was rarely working throughout the stay.257 Had a wonderful stay at Liam's apartment. Fiona was a lovely host, showing us how to get around and what to see, making us feel very welcome. The apartment is a bit of a walk from downtown (25 mins) but very easily accessible by buses that run every 10 minutes or so. Overall, a great stay and would recommend.258 Liam's place was clean, snug and well equipped though rather compact. There were 3 of us which was rather a squash! The buses run frequently into town and are quite direct. Close by there are pubs, restaurants, take-always and shops. A good base for exploring Dublin. We recommend the 'Hop on Hop off' buses. The commentaries are fun and you can just keep using them all day. Liam left us bread and fruit along with general base cooking stuff like cooking oil and jam. We appreciated it all.259 The stay has been very pleasant, the truth that Liam and his wife are very attentive and answer you when you need it.Not only as hosts but also provide local information on what users, pubs, supermarkets, buses ... etc.The only inconvenience is that the Internet sometimes interrupts or goes slowly.For the rest, I recommend the stay, the hosts are very friendly and attentive.260 Liam was great on communication and provided everything we needed. He even upgraded us to a larger apartment which was amazing. We loved the location and everything about it, would definitely stay again.261 Liam's place was mostly convenient, very near to multiple bus routes into the city. shopping places nearby. Liam provided detailed self check-in instructions. The building is quiet, clean and has a certain elegance to it. <br/><br/>However I would like to mention that the shower is very very cramped, I am on the skinny side and I kept bumping my elbows into the shower wall and my pregnant wife had a little more trouble showering. Other than that the stay was nice!262 Loved the quiet of Molly Malone for sleeping after exploring Dublin every day. Easy bus connection or walking downtown. Very clean and well equipped.263 Really nice stay at his place. Well communicated.264 Thanks Liam. You were very available on the phone. I regret we could not meet for real. Your place is very well located and well linked with buses to reach Dublin downtown and templebar.... besides there is easy parking in the street and that s a real plus when you rent a car.265 Small apartment but with everything you need for a short stay!Near a super and good communication.266 Great location within walking distance of the centre (3km or so) Impressed with the locality. Original Victorian streetscapes mostly intact. Thanks for a lovely stay.267 Great location, close to amenities, city center easy to get to. Room well equipped. Very kind of the owners to arrange transport from the airport at a competitive rate.268 Tip top!269 Nice flat and better owners!270 Liam and Fiona’s place is located in an excellent location! Very convenient to public transportation, restaurants, pubs and grocery stores. They are also wonderful hosts and very accommodating to all your needs. Highly recommend staying in their place when visiting Dublin!271 Beautiful location a little outside of city center but only about 10 euros to get to get there by cab. We enjoyed it very much!272 The host canceled this reservation 312 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.273 Lovely place to stay for a city trip for exploring the city. Around a 20 minute walk from the city centre, with local amenities and good cheap bus links. Thanks Liam and Fiona!274 good value, clean and comfy. great communication with hosts.275 Very cozy apartment, me and my wife enjoyed our 4 day trip tremendously and I have no complaints.276 Great communication, easy check in/check out, clean apartment. Enjoyed our stay!277 We had an enjoyable two night stay. The place was convenient to the centre of town and especially to Phoenix Park. Would definitely recommend.278 We have been lovingly received by Teresa and her husband. Everything we needed was available (towels, sheets, shampoo, water, ...). She gave us a map and explained everything we needed to know. Nearby there is a shopping mall, a bar and small shops. There is also a good connection to the city center (bus, tram). When we slept a bit too long, she even drove us to the tram station so we would not miss the St. Patrick's Day parade.<br/><br/>Thanks for everything teresa, we would not hesitate to come back.279 Teresa is a wonderful host who is always happy to discuss with her guests, she provided us good advices. Her husband is also a lovely person who allowed us to play some drums ;) The cottage is lovely, very clean and quiet for whom want some rest after a long day of walking in Dublin.<br/>Thanks a lot Teresa, my pilgrimage in Dublin would have been different if I had stayed in another place ;)280 She is amazing!281 Very clean and in a great spot for Dundrum shopping and getting into Dublin City282 Adorable and charming home! Teresa and Hugh were very knowledgeable about the area and had great recommendations. They were very accommodating, allowing us to use their laundry and print our boarding passes on their computer. The area was easy to navigate once you catch your bearings. The bus and train are close and accessible with quick trips into the city centre or out into the more scenic areas. Free breakfasts and access to the kitchen made the mornings easy and relaxing. We stayed in the room with access to the garden which was a beautiful outdoor space. The room itself was on the small side and was a bit tight to fit two people’s stuff-but again Teresa and Hugh offered to help with solutions to this as well. The beds had mattress warmers which helped with the chill and dampness known with the Ireland weather. The mattresses were firm, I prefer something a bit softer but it’s all about preference. Overall a lovely stay and would gladly recommend booking.283 It was a very pleasant stay, the house is in the Dundrum neighborhood, you arrive in the tram (Luas) from the center (also by bus but the tram is faster and less confusing) the house is large and comfortable, others for theBreakfast have many things, I am vegetarian and lactose intolerant and bought me vegetable milk so that I could have breakfast.Teresa and her husband are very attentive and friendly, if you don't have a plan to visit the city they give you a thousand ideas.284 Recommended for budget285 Teresa and her husband were friendly and very amiable. The house was sparkling clean and we were made to feel really welcome. Though a little way out from the centre, the area was lovely and great for excursions both into and out of the city. Public transport was very good and the bus-stop into Dublin opposite the house. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and highly recommend it to anyone!286 It's an amazing house with an amazing garden and great hosts. It's a bit far from the center but the transport is very good and not very expensive. I would recommend it to anyone.287 Wonderful accommodation!  Teresa made sure we were well attended to and thoroughly informed about sightseeing.  Everything was clean and inviting; a very comfortable environment.  I especially appreciated the multiple adapters & outlets provided in the room.  I would gladly stay there again!288 Theresa contacted us well on time to be sure that she would be at home on our arrival. <br/> The room near the garden was ok, a bit small for 2 people, but everything was there, what is needed;Certainly the breakfast was extensively provided.289 Teresa and her husband are an absolutely darling couple who are filled to the brim with recommendations of what to do during your stay. They have thought of every single thing in order to make your stay as comfortable as possible, and are so welcoming and friendly. Dundrum is a lovely little town very connected to Dublin public transport, with a large shopping centre just down the road. It's the perfect place to stay if you don't want to be immediately downtown and want to have the most delightful hosts.290 Its a friendly and clean place with good connections to the city centre and very helpful hosts.291 Teresa and her husband were lovely hosts. They gave great advice about reataurants, nightlife and activities.  I would highly recommend them.292 Teresa and Hugh were beyond great! I had no problem communicating w Teresa about any questions I had before our trip and once we arrived, she provided awesome tips on where to go and what to see. The house has a beautiful garden that is the perfect spot to unwind at the end of a busy day :) I would definitely recommend staying here if you're visiting Dublin!293 Teresa was a fantastic,  friendly, and helpful host. From all her tips, I want to come back soon and stay with her again to experience some of the places she suggested and to experience true Irish hospitality!294 .295 lovely hosts and we felt very welcomed. it was perfect for our trip and would highly recommend!296 You can expect a warm welcome from this lovely couple! It is immaculate inside and out, Teresa's touch has made the house a home with her quirky eye and style (Website hidden by Airbnb) There is a lovely garden to start your mornings in and everything is close at hand, plus their local knowledge provides a wealth of ideas that guidebooks might overlook (Website hidden by Airbnb) Thanks again from me and my Mam. Sláinte297 They both were lovely and helpful hosts. The communication was great. The place was tidy and clean.the room was comfortable and cozy. we had an access to the kitchen. the neighborhood is quiet . we highly recommend to be their guests. we'll be delighted to return.298 The garden at the bottom of the house and spacious and very beautiful299 Nice quiet place out of the city center area to stay. Close to Airport bus, Tram into city, and huge shopping mall with all the major retailers and restaurants. All within walking distance. 10-15 minute walk. We were not able to pick up Sim Card at Airport on arrival so the first night we were there Teresa and her husband offered to drive us to the mall to pick up a card but we opted to walk. Speaks volumes to the kind of hosting one can expect when staying with Teresa.300 Teresa and Hugh were very welcoming hosts for both Robyn and I. Both were very helpful and we had a nice time getting to know them when we were around. The space was clean and welcoming, we loved that we could help ourselves to tea at anytime, and the backyard was a lovely place to sit when it was nice out. It was a little far from the city centre but very easy to get to with the tram, the walk wasn’t terribly far. The bus stop was right outside the house but it came less frequently. It was also nice getting to know the other guests in the house.301 Teresa and her husband were great hosts . My wife and I we had such a great time , they were very helpful  . We totally recommend their place !302 Unfortunately, our stay was not as expected. We booked for two nights but did not stay in the room on the second night. It was noisy and cold. It felt shabby given the cost per night. Communication with the host was clear and quick, but we did feel very disappointed with the quality of the room and would certainly not recommend.303 Quiet area near public transportation. I loved the fast communication. I booked this place last minute after I missed my flight and I am very happy for them to be accommodating. The shower was a tad small, but the mattress, although on the thinner side, was better than I could imagine. I had no back issues after sleeping on it and that usually happens no matter where I go. I was able to come and go and the people around the area were friendly. Love the free parking too.304 Cozy apartment a quick cab ride to downtown Dublin305 The Molly Malone studio had everything I needed for my 2 night stay.  The hosts were very helpful and provided me with everything I needed to know before hand and made my stay a pleasant one. Checking in was done with lock boxes and it was very easy. The flat was clean and the bed comfortable. There is a Bus stop outside the flat, that can take you to the center of the city in 10 minutes and supermarkets just a few minutes away. Very well located and value for money. Dublin is a beautiful city and I got just a glimpse. I will be back. Thank you306 The apartment of Fiona and Liam is very pleasant, ideally placed and well equipped.All in a very typical residence.The hosts are responsive and full of good advice!The recovery of the keys is very well thought out.The apartment was impeccable, there were even bagels and fruit for our arrival. <br/> I recommend this accommodation 100% for a trip to Dublin.307 Cozy comfortable and clean.The center can be reached in about 15 minutes on foot.308 A quiet place to stay and very clean.309 We had a great stay at Liam and Fiona's place. The studio is well located, safe and quiet and not far away from the city center. Liam and Fiona are wonderful hosts, available, kind and helpful.310 .311 Lovely clean place to stay and excellent bus service right outside.<br/>If you miss the last bus back and get the tram make sure you get your bearings right or like us you could end up walking half way back into Dublin city centre before realising312 Great place. Really comfortable location. Clean, warm and relaxing place.313 Outstanding apartment314 my personal opinion it was not worth €600 for the week, the oven did not work properly, the surrounding apartments joined at the wall made it very difficult to sleep, there was people partying and speaking very loud, between the hours of 12am & 7am waking up regularly because of this, the internet was not good, over all I would not pay €600 to spend a week there again, felt like a hostel, it’s a Terrance house but refurnished into studio bedrooms, The washing machine was outside in the shed, no camera to see if anybody was to steal your clothing this would be a issue315 This place is great. About 5 minutes walk to Phoenix Park and about 30-40 minute walk to downtown/temple bar area. The apartment is great, clean and private. I stayed for a couple of weeks and highly suggest for anyone looking in the Dublin area.316 Liam and Fiona’s place was very clean, well equipped and was close by to shops. Great communication and easy check in.317 Good to stay for a few days, good kitchen functional, clean, small bathroom but good a nice home318 This apartment was perfect — clean, nice natural light, great location, and a well equipped kitchen. It’s small, but totally sufficient for 1-2 people. <br/><br/>Liam and Fiona were incredibly responsive and helpful.319 Lovely studio close to city centre! Fiona and Liam were very kind when giving all the instructions for the check in/out and providing some tips for our stay in Dunlin.320 Great place to explore Dublin from - was only a 20 minute walk into the city. Apartment was very clean and did the job well for a city break. Fiona and Liam were great at communicating and very helpful at answering any questions we had. Also very grateful to Rory the taxi driver they use, who helped us get into the apartment and set up on the first day. Thanks for a brilliant stay!321 The apartment is cosy and very well located in Dublin with a 15 minute bike ride from city centre. The bed is good and the shower’s hot with plenty water pressure. Also spacious enough to leave your luggage when you go into town.<br/>Would recommend staying here.322 Nice little cosy stay. although the walls and roof are thin so you can hearmost everyone else in the house. didn't bother me though. Nice and close to town by walk, bus, or taxi.323 Very nice place. Close to everything you need. Fiona and Liam were great, both before and during our stay.324 This room is excellently located in Dublin, with parking, supermarkets, take-aways and Phoenix Park within easy walking distance. It's difficult to find good value accommodation in the city centre, and this charming building is just perfect. Fiona and the housekeeper were really on top of communication and making sure we had everything we needed - very efficient!325 Liam and Fiona were fantastic to work with. They kept good communication throughout the trip, ensuring we didn't need anything, and Liam toon the extra time at the beginning to replace the shower head. The flat is only a 30-40 min. walk to the city center, a block away from a convenience store and a marvelous bar, and in a beautiful neighborhood. the view was quaint and perfect. highly recommend, especially for the price!326 My parents spent the weekend in the apartment of Liam and Fiona and everything was clean, the procedure of practical arrival, and communication with easy hosts.<br/> Thank you!327 Had a lovely time at Fiona and Liam’s place. This was my second time staying here - it’s a great location for a trip to Dublin.328 If you want to be in town and locality means everything to you then I’d highly recommend this place. <br/>You would be quite surprised how close everything is and the convenience everything is. Thumbs up on location and value for money329 lovely stay,  10/10.330 We didn't meet Fiona and Liam, but the check-in was very well organized and smooth nonetheless. The appartment was clean, cozy and the kitchen had everything we needed. The city center is easily reachable after a short walk. Can definitely recommend the appartment.331 The units location is great for easy access to buses.332 We so enjoyed staying at the Molly Malone. This was not too far of a walk from the busier city center, but perfectly located in a quieter neighborhood for peace. Be warned for the next traveler, the stairs to the upper level rooms are narrow and the rooms are small; pack lightly or in a smaller luggage. The shower is also very small.333 The location is very good, you are right at the bus stops and everything was as described and very quiet.Liam and Fiona were very helpful and communication was great.Gladly again!334 Nice stay!The studio is well kept and close to very nice pubs!<br/> We have not met Fiona and Liam, the entry into the studio is done independently (this is a large house in which there are several similar studios, as is a lot in the country). <br/> even if we have not seen them, Fiona and Liam are very responsive to messages and our exchanges have been very friendly !!!335 It is a very quiet place, which has everything you need to be in the city336 The flat was great! Perfectly near to public transit and super easy to get to the main parts of the city. A quiet area and clean space.337 Arrived to check in which was self check in at the same time as another couple to realise we were both booked into the Molly Malone apartment. After a few calls over and back with Fiona and Liam it was discovered the apartment had been double booked but they were able to offer us another one, Oscar Wilde, in the same building which was the same size etc. Having not being in the other one I can't say how similar they were but from the photos there were some notable differences, mainly that this one had a pull down bed. The bed was ok but the mattress did seem to sink in the middle a bit. There was a great kitchen area which was well stocked with all appliances and utensils etc and the shower was really powerful. It was also clean. The location is good, you can walk into the city centre in about half an hour and there's a bus into the city centre just outside which was usually quite quick but I did get it to the apartment Friday rush hour from Leeson Street and it took over an hour, and when waiting for it, the first was full so didn't stop. It could be noisy at times, could hear when other apartments used taps or their shower but it didn't bother me and my husband wore ear plugs. Overall I would recommend though and would stay again338 This location was phenomenal. The apartments are beautiful (we also rented the Upstairs apartment in the same building) and are very well located. You can take the bus, the luas (tram), or just take a cheap cab ride right into the city. A point to consider is that you have to walk through the bedroom to get to the bathroom. The owners are quite friendly!339 Very good stay with Grainne.The apartment is very well equipped, the bedding is good and Grainne added a small foldable bed because we received a 5th person for two nights.It is ideal for visiting Dublin and not far to get out of the city.There is everything for transport and behind a private car park for the car (very practical).An address to advise and a very good value for money.340 The Cottage was a lovely, warm, homely place to stay which allowed us to enjoy our holiday to the maximum.  Grainne was very accomodating and available without being in our face.  Great facilities, plenty of crockery and glassware, nicely decorated, all the mod cons.  Really close to decent transport, restaurants, good pub grub, walks by the canal etc.  Parking on site (a rarity in Dublin) which was important as we have young children.  Would recommend without a doubt!341 Grainne's cottage styled dwelling made us feel right at home during our four week stay in Dublin. Looks and feels exactly as described.<br/>The Blackhorse luas stop is a 5 minute walk up the road, which made it extremely easy to get to the city centre. Tim and Grainne were very helpful at giving us touristy suggestions and were always available by phone or email. Overall, it has been a great, or as they say in ireland, GRAND experience. If you're going to Dublin, stay at one of Grainnes' apartments. You will not regret it.342 Absolutely flawless!! We rented all three flats in the building, through Grainne, and they were all absolutely precious. Just like the pictures!! Location wise is excellent, with extreme ease in and out of the city (or a cheap 10€ cab late at night), and the most delicious Italian restaurant and grocery store within walking distance. We were even left a mobile which was easily topped up at the market next door! All amenities were available, iron, ironing board, blow dryer.. It really felt like our own apartment! Thanks so much for such a great experience you two!! ;)343 Grainne and her husband were marvelous hosts. They were extremely helpful starting from the first moment, even before our arrival. Grainne with her eternal smile and kindness made us feel at home every time. They helped with every small questions we had during our stay. And the apartment is just so cozy !! Very comfortable and homey - and it gets warm within few minutes in case you need to use the heating. Both the room and the bathroom are pretty and very clean - and the couch in the living room is ideal to rest after a long day. It was such a pleasure to stay there ! I would love to return back - and I will definitely suggest your place to my friends, Grainne ! <br/><br/>Thanks to both of you !344 My friends and I had a very pleasant stay at this apartment. It was very pretty and spacious, and it was very easy to get to downtown Dublin (there is a bus stop right across the street). I would definitely recommend this place to others!345 We stayed with friends in the Graine accommodation.The accommodation is located in the DRC, it is very well designed and cozy.<br/> All our requests were quickly given by the owner who was available.<br/> At our arrival we had fruit, milk coffee and bread enough to make a snack after the trip.Charming attentions in the image of the very sympathetic and pleasant Irelandian population.<br/> I recommend this accommodation close to all bus, metro, in the city center in 15 min.Thanks to Graine and her husband.346 We were given lots of information on how to get around Dublin and the cottage is within easy walking distance of the City Sightseeing bus and if you have a car, there is secure parking off the street.347 Grainne made us feel very welcome - she stopped by the first morning to make sure we had everything we needed and knew how to get around. <br/>The description of the place was very accurate.<br/>The neighborhood was just outside Dublin's city centre - walkable by about 35 minutes. But also very accessible by bus and tram! The neighborhood seemed to be a little older, and there weren't a ton of options close by, but again, it was very easy to get to the city centre, so that didn't really matter. Plus there is a grocery story very close by and the apartment had a cute backyard area - so it made it really easy to stay in and cook your meals or enjoy some wine outside before going out.348 Very nice experience in dublin. The house is very confortable for 2 adults and 1/2 children. Public trasportation is really efficient, expecially luas at blackhorse stop. Markets available for food just in front of the house and even a pharmacy. To get in city centre it takes at least 20 min. House is equipped with all is needed, very clean, wifi and TV properly working.349 Our accommodation was over and above our expectations. The cottage was very well equipped with the luxury of a dishwasher.  Also combined with the washing machine was a useful dryer should it be necessary.<br/>The accommodation was in a good area with a choice of supermarkets, hairdressers etc.  We had good access to the city via a variety of buses and the tram, which was no more than 15 minutes away.<br/><br/>Our hosts were lovely and we had daily contact with their manager Valerie, who could not have done more to make our stay comfortable.<br/>All in all a very friendly Irish welcome with all the home comforts.<br/>350 The host canceled this reservation 38 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.351 A good address and rather well located.We did not meet our hosts only Valérie who takes care of the apartment.<br/> Quick answers to our questions, it's calm, parking in the backyard.<br/>352 We had a lovely stay in Dublin at this cottage, it was a perfect location for us, we had options for both walking and good transport. Supermarket just down the road. The cottage is cosy and the secure parking very handy. Thanks so much we got lots of tips as well which was appreciated.353 Our stay was so lovely. Everything about it was perfect. It is a little bit of a hassle to get to the city center, but not too bad. Would recommend this to anyone. We had a fantastic stay at Grave Gifford cottage and trip in Dublin!354 My family and I arrived in the bowed neighborhood, where the apartment was located, and the first impression was beautiful!I called my host to find out how to access the apartment and I had an immediate response from Grainne, with all the details.The house was really welcoming, well heated and clean;The back, on which the apartment overlooked was simple and well kept, with a small garden and the tables, which in spring or summer would be really delicious to consume the meal.The location was to say the least fantastic: residential area, quiet, but at the same time well connected with the city center and, a stone's throw along the main road, shops of all kinds and for all needs!Adjacent to the apartments along the tree -lined avenue, the wonderful church of Saint Mary with its college, a real Gothic architecture show.It was, even if for a few days, a beautiful, unforgettable experience I would say, certainly to be repeated in the future!We felt like at our house, the apartment had all the comforts, from the washer-dryer to the dishwasher, rapper and iron, pots, kettle and dishes in a super compact, but really graceful kitchen, as well as the dining roomadjacent.The bathroom was quite spacious, also equipped with a bidet, which is difficult to find in Anglossassoni countries, even if to access it you had to pass into the bedroom.Valery often came to ask if we needed something and has always been very kind and helpful.For the next holidays I would definitely return very willingly in one of Grainne's apartments !!!We had a really good time, and my daughter immediately became fond of this place!I sincerely thank Grainne, Valery and the very nice cleaning service workers;You made our stay comfortable, very pleasant and relaxing, and I would recommend it to anyone of my Italian friends.See you soon!<br/> Cristina, Antonio and Miriam.355 Perfect place, only 15 minutes from town center by bus. Perfect for those who need some calm after an intense journey in the city center.356 Very friendly apartment;Lack of household level and problem with the Gasinière;The wifi is not available in the room but apart from that the accommodation was very appreciable.357 Great place near Dublin center. Very clean. Two Big bed that can be shared by two without any problems. Host are very kind. Only remark is the wifi that didn't work completely flawless and noise on living room. Overall: Recommended.358 Everything at Grainne's apartment was just perfect. I stayed there for nearly a week with my mother who came visiting me from India. Both of us loved everything about our apartment. The location is very central and in proximity of the bus and tram stations. Valerie and Grainne both are super amazing and are very hospitable. Five on five for their hospitality and for their apartment!359 The place is very clean, but much smaller than the photos appear and the neighborhood is not very desireable. The bed pillows were Very uncomfortable, we were going to buy some, but never got to Suoer Tesco. Very few eating places in walking distance. The only bathroom in the apartment is in the one bedroom so any more than two people it makes it hard to share the space!360 Great place, great location, highly recommend it361 Quaint little apartment in Dublin. 5 minute walk to the tram to the city and the bus stop to the city goes every 15 minutes. Apartment was clean and cosy362 Everything was great and I had a comfortable time. I would definitely recommend Grainne’s place.363 pleasantly surprised with the cleaning of the apartment, very well equipped with kitchen and cleaning tools, highly recommended364 This was a lovely clean comfortable place to stay and it met all out needs, the local shops and pubs are all on your doorstep and we had great craic in he Black Lion pub. Macari's chippy across the road make the best chips I have ever tasted and we kept going back for more. Bus stop is just outside the door but we found that if there is three people then a taxi is just as cheap and much quicker. I had no need to call the host during our stay because everything was great and just as described. Loved our stay.365 super great! recommended366 Great communication throughout and Grainne and her husband were on hand to answer questions during our stay. <br/>Good location, close to local bars and restaurants. Easy, smooth check in. <br/>Thank you!367 Great price and location. Loads of information for you to have a smooth check in and experience while in the cottage.368 Accommodation as an advertisement advertising to go to the city center <br/> Tram bus <br/> very clear explanation369 Pleasant, clean and well placed accommodation in Dublin.370 We had a great time in Grainne’s house. It is a quit neighbourhood and near public transport. With the bus you reach the centre in 20 minutes. Also a few nice breakfast restaurants  are in the neighbourhood371 Lovely and comfortable place, quiet location. <br/>I didn't meet Grainne but he was helpful and clear with his instructions.<br/>I recommend372 The apartment is large enough, equipped and comfortable for 4 people.We appreciated decoration and comfort. <br/> We can go quickly and easily in the center with public transport or a taxi. <br/> the information is serious, clear and precise.We recommend !373 The reservation was canceled 42 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.374 This is a lovely house, very suitable for families with small children. It is in a great location, in Dublin city centre. Sinead was very helpful before and during our stay. We highly recommend this property to fellow airbnb travellers!375 A wonderful place to stay along the canal in South Dublin. We enjoyed our stay with our toddler very much. Thanks for the warm welcome, we would love to come back.376 We spent 2 days in Sinead Cottage.<br/>Very nice and comfortable place, the appartment is exactly like the pictures. This is a quite place but pretty close to the city center.<br/><br/>Sinead was very responsive, accommodating for check-in and check-out.<br/><br/>I would recommand this place for a visit of Dublin.377 Great location just South of the city center.  <br/><br/>Sinead was very helpful with any query we had about the property.378 It was great staying at Sinead´s place. It was quite cozy and the location is excellent. The area around the house is nice and there is a cannel in front of the house and lovely for walking along. There is also the short term public bike rental station 2 min. from the house. The communication with Sinead was smooth and we had a lovely time in Dublin.379 We had a very pleasant stay at Portobello Road. House was warm, clean and welcoming. Ideally situated and appointed for a stay in Dublin. Many thanks Sinead.380 We had a great time at the Portobello cottage of Sinead! This place is very cosy, clean and the location next to the canal with the swans is very nice. The location is not so far from the city center, it has all facilities you need (central heating, washing machine, dishwasher, very clean and comfortable beds,etc.) <br/>Thank you sinead!381 This is an amazing place to base yourself when in Dublin. It's warm and cosy and sits on the banks of the canal. It's just a short walk up to the river and there plenty restaurants and pubs around. Sinead and her husband were really helpful, especially when it came to getting a parking permit to me after I'd forgotten to ask for one. <br/><br/>Cheers Sinead!382 We had a great time in Sinead's house. It is very cozy and super well located.<br/>Although we know Dublin well, Sinead has been very friendly and responsive, even though she was days from giving birth.<br/>Would highly recommend staying in this house.383 The reservation was canceled 28 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.384 The reservation was canceled 36 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.385 Lovely little cottage in central Dublin. Nice location near the canal 15-20 min walk to the centre of town, museums etc. Well equipped kitchen, fabulous bathroom with a massive bath and HUGE dumping shower head and most importantly a wonderful and helpful host.386 Fantastic stay, all as described. Very quaint cottage right on the canal with beautiful interiors. Nice central part of Dublin.387 Indeed a stylish cottage and in a perfect location for exploring Dublin and eating locally.  Sinead was very helpful and understanding when we locked ourselves out!  We would stay again though there are small things that seem a bit tired in the house.<br/>388 Had a seamless interaction with Sinead, who was a very accommodating host.  Very easy to check in, and she gave me some really great recommendations for restaurants and cafes in the area, as well as some bread, butter, and eggs in the fridge.  Also, when there was a brief problem with the internet, she called the provider and had it resolved in only a couple of hours.  <br/><br/>The flat is really large and well laid-out, with a full-sized kitchen that opens up into a very bright and airy living room.  Nice, big bathroom and bedrooms, and really fun, attractive decor throughout.  Brand new washer, dryer, and dishwasher.  Also an abundance of really interesting-looking books that I unfortunately did not have much opportunity to read!  Oh,. and a very nice little garden off the living area, too. <br/><br/>The location is really nice, though a bit of a (very pleasant!) walk to the central/tourist areas of the city, which I didn't mind.  Maybe 20 minutes or so.  But only 10 minutes at the most to a host of pubs, restaurants, cafes, etc. on Richmond Street, and a couple of nice restaurants a stone's throw from the flat itself.  It's great to have the canal the leafy walking path alongside it literally across the street! <br/><br/>The only things I'd mention that were not entirely ideal is that some of the bedding could stand to be replaced relatively soon, and the mattress in the smaller bedroom might be comfortable enough for younger children, but not for adults. <br/><br/>Overall a very good experience, and great value.389 The property itself was ok however the house next door is derelict and people used it to dump their rubbish.  The house did have damp in the walls and as a result there was a musty smell and the sink did not work properly.  The owner however did make us feel welcome and it was close to where we needed to go for our stay, but I don't think it represented value for money.<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>390 This was our first experience with AirBnb and it was wonderful.  Sinead emailed me in advance of our stay to confirm our visit and provide information about checking in.  She was very responsive in her communication and we knew exactly what to do when we got to Dublin.  We were able to drop our bags off early, even before the place was cleaned (then we went somewhere for a late breakfast), which was nice, because we had just flown in and were quite tired.  She provided detailed instructions about the flat and the neighborhood.  Because she writes a restaurant blog, she even provided great information about local restaurants!  The flat was exactly as described and photographed; very charming and full of amenities.  The neighborhood was a nice residential area; very accessible to central Dublin via bus.  We might have walked more, except that I was rehabbing from an injury.  We had a wonderful stay in Dublin and Sinead was even very nice about the only negative, which was that I lost my rental cell phone.  The only unexpected, slightly negative part was that there was some road noise which we heard from the front bedroom; fortunately, ear plugs and white noise took care of that and we were able to sleep well.  I strongly recommend this location.  And I loved our visit to Ireland so much, I hope I can return in the future and stay longer.  Thank you so much, Sinead!391 The cottage was cozier and more comfortable than we could have hoped for. Perfectly clean and welcoming. Bright and cheery. Exactly what we needed for the last 3 of a 12 day trip. The neighborhood felt safe and quiet, and we had no problem walking to wherever our plans took us. Highly recommended.392 We (family of 3) stayed here for two weeks during Christmas this year (2014), and absolutely loved it. The house itself is beautifully decorated throughout, and contained absolutely everything we needed to have a spacious and extremely comfortable home away from home throughout our stay. Sinead the host is fantastic, very thoughtful, helpful, and always very responsive—it was always a pleasure to chat with her. As an ex-Dubliner myself, I can assure you the location is superb, about a 10-15 mins walk to the top of Grafton Street, and situated right on the canal. We'll be back, guaranteed. Thanks for everything Sinead, we had a really fantastic stay!393 Really nice house. Sinead is really nice and she was all the time writing us and supporting us with our needs. :-)394 Very nice house! We really enjoyed our stay and could not have asked for anything else !395 Sinead put this Airbnb home together very thoughtfully. She included lots of little touches,  including chocolates, beverages in the fridge, and a picnic basket full of goodness. It's in a quiet location where you can get away from the downtown Dublin hustle. However, if you're looking for the chaos of a place close to Temple Bar, it'll be a 30 minute walk or a 10 Euro taxi to get there. Overall, Sinead quick communication and thoughtful amenities made this an excellent place to stay for a night.396 From the pics the place looked lovely and Sinead was in touch as soon as we booked. When we arrived it was as good, if not better, than expected! We had a fantastic stay and loved all the little extra touches and Sinead was more than hospitable and helpful. I messaged her a couple of times with qs about the location and she replied immediately. Highly recommend!397 This was a great place to stay in Dublin. Very quiet on a nice canal to walk into the center to sightsee. Sinead was very communicative and helpful. She even left bread, cereal, milk, bread and coffee for us which was so great after a very long day of travel. The place is so cute and we were very comfortable. Definitely would stay there again!398 Easy to find. Parking right in front. Not safety issues.  Uber quick to pick up. Spacious apt for holiday. Sweet, in expected touches and treats. Would stay again. Recommend.399 A diamond in the rough. Don’t let the outside appearance fool you. A very relaxing cottage with a quirky color decor.  Within walking distance to restaurant and shops. If you have a car be prepared to deal with the challenge of finding parking in a big city. You can’t go wrong staying here.400 LOVED Sinead's place. It's super stylish and cozy. We were traveling with two young girls, and Sinead was thoughtful enough to provide us with some food to get us going until I could get to the store. She also lent us some toys, which  was really appreciated by the 4 year old.  The place was spotless - lovely modern kitchen and bathroom, and a master bedroom that was hard to leave in the morning! It's literally across the street from the canal, and there was quite a social scene about 2 blocks down along the banks, which was super fun! Very easy to walk to a number of restaurants (Bibi's, Locks, Viva, ) and the Tesco Express for groceries. About 20 minutes to St Stephen's Green and the action around there.  We spent every evening in the private walled garden. Could not recommend this place more, and we would definitely stay again.401 My sister & I stayed at Sinead’s place for a short while in the summertime. We were both very satisfied with our choice. Sinead’s place is comfortable, well decorated, and full of thoughtful touches. It is also well located in a neighborhood close enough to all the tourist attractions but far enough to enjoy the local charm. <br/><br/>Highly recommend Sinead’s place to all types of travelers. Hope to return again soon.402 Fab location, interior is awesome the pictures don't do it justice, lovely touches throughout the house, brilliant communication with host she couldn't have been more helpful403 Smashing house, spotlessly clean, great location 5 minutes from town but very quiet! Highly recommended404 Sinead was very helpful for us. We had an 18 month-old toddler, and she made a cot available, and brought us a high-chair and additional  toys. She provided good advice for us in getting around town. Lovely place by the canal - very quiet and cosy. Good to ensure that the hot-water system is figured out with the host - we had a little trouble getting it to work correctly. Not to detract from a very good stay. Would recommend to anyone405 only stayed for a short period of time as my wife, friends and I traveled through Ireland. It was perfect for the 4 of us! Excelent hospitality and communication from host. Great location - quick drive into the city, walkable distance to many restaurants, pubs and attraction, yet far enough to be quiet for sleep.406 This is a perfect little hamlet in a quiet neighborhood a nice mile walk from the City center. We enjoyed walking to the local coffee shop in the morning and exploring the neighborhood pubs (The Headliner was our favorite!) <br/><br/>The outside private garden was a nice respite and breath of fresh air. Natural light, comfortable beds and wow- a full size dishwasher and laundry really made a difference to our comfort after busy London for a week!<br/><br/>Sinead was responsive and gracious. We will definitely be back to this canal-side cottage!407 Sinead’s cottage is lovely. Located in a calm area, it is still close to Dublin center. The view on the canal from the master bedroom is simply beautiful. <br/>The pictures on Airbnb really don’t do justice  to the flat which is sophisticated and nicely decorated.<br/>Finally, it is worth mentioning that travelling with our two months old baby, Sinead managed to provide us with a brand new crib, which was ideal for our son ! Thanks a lot for that, which enabled us to travel lighter ! I would highly recommend Sinead place and will book it again next time I visit Dublin.408 Sinead’s place is amazing. It’s so stylish and clean. It’s also in such a good location, with a restaurant just at the corner. Sinead was so nice and accommodating. We would stay here again in a heartbeat!409 Beautiful house in a great location. Very quiet location which was great as I am a very light sleeper. Definitely would stay again!410 Good location & communication,  nice apartment.411 Sineads place is beautifully decorated and everything you need to be comfortable during your stay is provided. Could recommend this place enough!412 The host canceled this reservation 11 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.413 Sinead's lovely flat was a perfect base for our stay in Dublin: we rented it as a couple but it's spacious enough to accomodate four people as it has a spare bedroom as well. <br/>The decor was what made us choose it and I was amazed to find out that it was even more stylish in person:  often photos can distort a bit the truth but in this case they represent well what you'll find. Also, we had excellent communication with Sinead: very clever self check in and clear instructions.<br/>I'd definitely recommend it to friends for future stays in the city.414 Hi,<br/>This house is really lovely. It's very well located in Dublin no longer than 20'-25' walking from centre town.<br/>The house is not really big one but it's more than enough for 4 people staying with comfort.<br/>In addition house is fully equiped and we loved a lot finding a Nesspreso maching with few capsules ready for use.<br/>Car parking is also as easy as announced.<br/>If I had to get back to Dublin (which I hope it will be) I will chose Sinead's option with no doubt again.<br/><br/>415 Fabulous house, great location.416 Sinead's place is just fantastic. Close to the city centre but still in the suburbs, it makes for a great location to return to after a day of exploring. The beds are comfortable, amenities fantastic, wifi speed is great, with Tesco only a few minutes walk away. Would highly recommend this place if you're visiting Dublin417 Next to a nice canal with some good restaurants within walking distance. Only 1 to 2 miles away from most of the major attractions. It is right off a busy road but it’s not terribly noisy.418 As others have said the photos do not do this home from home justice. The location right on the canal is fantastic, near the city, 10 minute walk to lovely playground, so easy to get in to city centre. Parking and check in were so easy and Sinead brilliant to communicate with. I stayed with my two young children and they were delighted to discover the stash of toys and soft rugs to play on. Already planning next stay.419 This kind of cottage was clearly characteristic of some Dublin neighborhoods. The canal path is there for walks and running if you have the time. Knowing the one-way system would help with navigation! Some local restaurants.420 The location of Sinead’s flat was great. It’s close enough to the City Centre without being too close.  Parking was super easy as well.  Sinead was very attentive during our stay.  We would stay here again.421 Very practical location, a little away from the city center!Accommodation decorated with lots of charm and taste ... One of the two bedrooms is a bit noisy at night because it gives on the road, but the rest of the accommodation is very quiet.422 Nice decor and amazing location.  We walked everywhere and especially loved Two Birds, the yoga/coffee/breakfast place.423 A wonderfully decorated house in a perfect location for those who want to be part of Dublin for a while. With good connections (Bus and LUAS) to the city centre as well as close enough to shops and Restaurants/Pubs in Rathmines. <br/>Sinead is a very passionate host, which makes you feel cared for. We enjoyed our stay very much and would book the house again!424 Sinead was so accommodating and wonderful at communication.  The space was clean, comfortable and in a great location.  We wished we could have stayed longer.425 Lovely house, amazing location and a very accommodating host426 Right on the Grand Canal in a quiet neighborhood. We recommend The Lower Deck pub just up the street for Guinness and karaoke!427 Fab location - walking distance to city and Portobello/Rathmines/Ranelagh. Lots of space for 2 adults and our toddler - found some toys too which were much appreciated.428 Lovely place, ideal for a weekend in Dublin. Very stylish and clean.429 Sinead’s place was wonderful.  Located right on a canal it is a nice 15-20 minute walk to Trinity College area with plenty of sights to see along the way.  Sinead’s place had everything we needed, including some toys for our 4 and 2 year olds.  Sinead was readily available via the Airbnb app and always helpful.  Being in the city we were concerned about parking but we were able to easily park right on the street outside and use the parking passes provided by Sinead.  Overall we had an extremely enjoyable time and would recommend to all travelers, especially those with young children.430 Sinead's place is terrific - lovely location along the canal and very well organized.  Thanks Sinead.431 We enjoyed our stay here over Christmas. House was very clean, a good size, warm and safe. Sinead was a great host, very helpful, responsive and accommodating. Would stay here again!432 This is a stunning house right near the city centre in a lovely area. I cannot recommend it enough and would definitely return!433 We don’t wish to that but will be interested to hear your response to what we have experienced434 Great location, compact and trendy decor with an unbeatable location and to make it even better pet friendly, the morning walks on the canal with our Riley (the puppy) watching the swans was lovely, highly recommend and look forward to staying again.435 Had a great stay at Sineads place. Check in and check out was seamless, Sinead was always to quick to reply. Place was really clean and lovely :) had everything we needed.436 Our family loved this home. It was everything and more.  From the roll top bath to the espresso coffee machine and little sun trap garden ! The atmosphere in the morning walk and contrast warm evenings along canal ! Beautiful.437 Would highly recommend staying at Sinead’s house. It is perfect location and also Sinead is a fantastic host.438 Fabulous, clean and quirky! Great location and very friendly host. Would highly recommend and can't wait to come back and stay again.439 What a wonderful place! Right on the canal, beautiful quiet neighborhood close to everything. We walked everywhere, it was so easy. I highly recommend it! There is an awesome bakery around the corner. The place is clean and the beds are super comfortable. Sinead is an awesome host! Ask her about the Leapfrog corkscrew interactive host/ traveler challenge :) I will definitely come back!440 In a word this unit is "rustic". For a three or four 20-something friends, this place would be great. You could hang out along the canal together,  save money on meals by cooking together and so on. My university students would have made the most of this unit. The host was very nice and a clear communicator. Had the description been a bit more accurate, I would have likely opted to spend a few more dollars for my mother and I to stay in a hotel.441 Sinéad’s place was PERFECT for our family! Very clean, great location and neighborhood... walking to both Portobello and Rathmines neighborhoods.<br/><br/>Check in was very easy, every appliance you’d need, even a hair dryer and nespresso machine. And great comfortable style to the place.<br/><br/>Communication with Sinéad was easy and she was very responsive. We would LOVE to stay again!442 We had a great stay in Sineads house and really missed nothing.  It has a warm atmosphere and is really good lokated to walk to the town center.443 Great location in a quiet area. Easy 30 minute walk into “down town” area.444 Sinead's cottage is a fab place to stay for a trip to Dublin. Situated in the Portobello area of the city, there are many shops, cafe's bars and pubs in walking distance. The popular areas of Camden Street and Harcourt Street are a 10 minute walk away and it took us about 30 minutes to walk into the centre of the city to Temple Bar. The Cottage is clean, modern and spacious however it retains its character. It had all the amenities we needed for a long weekend away.  Sinead was excellent at providing us details such as how to get to the cottage from the airport, how to check in and where to find things in the cottage. She also helped us arrange to leave our suitcases there after check out as we weren't flying until late in the evening. I would highly recommend this cottage to anyone who is looking for a stay in Dublin. It was close enough to walk to the tourist areas, yet far enough from the central areas of Temple Bar and Grafton Street that we felt we experienced the real Dublin.445 Things that were great: location was awesome, Sinead's responsiveness was great. Quiet neighbourhood. <br/><br/>Things that couldn't be avoided: key to get in was not turning properly, Sinead was there in 5 minutes to get it sorted out. Biggest issue - fire alarm went off every 30 minutes from 645 in the morning until we left that morning. Luckily Sinead answered and got us the code but was annoying nonetheless but unavoidable I think, just one of those things. <br/><br/>Why not a 5 star: some basic things were missing - baking sheets in particular, instructions to run the oven (in general, the oven is not our style, old school and takes forever to heat up and cool down; we cook a lot so would be helpful to know from the outset), instructions for the radiator (we're spoiled and like it warmer and especially with an infant), in general the place was a little 'cottage' which I guess fits with the title, but I think we missed the mark in our booking, and should've gotten something more modern with more modern amenities. <br/><br/>In general, the place was very nice, Sinead's responsiveness was second to none, the place just wasn't our style.446 Location was good but not great value for money.<br/>We had issues with hot water which were not resolved. The house is tired and has a damp smell throughout. I offered the host some constructive advice but she was offended and replied with a sarcastic comment.447 Great place Just 15min. Out of the city center its clean great beds and shower448 What a cool place!  It was such a pleasure to come home to Portobello after a busy day in Dublin. The area is quiet and quaint and still close enough in to the city to reach everything easily.   The decor is happy and interesting and the bright, airy, private space is everything we could have asked for!  The separate washer and dryer were a definite plus!!  Our taxi driver was very happy with our choice not to stay in the “touristy” heart of the city and he quite approved of the location as well :)449 Great communication from host prior to our visit. The house is cute and spacious in a lovely location by the canal .. and it’s dog friendly! We could walk to the city or Rathmines in the opposite direction for restaurants, bars and shopping. Some standards had slipped in certain areas of the property compared to the photos and would benefit from a tidy up and a bit of TLC, ie garden areas, cobwebs and a bit of damp. Really wouldn’t take much and Sinead‘s Place would be idyllic.278 We have been lovingly received by Teresa and her husband. Everything we needed was available (towels, sheets, shampoo, water, ...). She gave us a map and explained everything we needed to know. Nearby there is a shopping mall, a bar and small shops. There is also a good connection to the city center (bus, tram). When we slept a bit too long, she even drove us to the tram station so we would not miss the St. Patrick's Day parade.<br/><br/>Thanks for everything teresa, we would not hesitate to come back.279 Teresa is a wonderful host who is always happy to discuss with her guests, she provided us good advices. Her husband is also a lovely person who allowed us to play some drums ;) The cottage is lovely, very clean and quiet for whom want some rest after a long day of walking in Dublin.<br/>Thanks a lot Teresa, my pilgrimage in Dublin would have been different if I had stayed in another place ;)280 She is amazing!281 Very clean and in a great spot for Dundrum shopping and getting into Dublin City282 Adorable and charming home! Teresa and Hugh were very knowledgeable about the area and had great recommendations. They were very accommodating, allowing us to use their laundry and print our boarding passes on their computer. The area was easy to navigate once you catch your bearings. The bus and train are close and accessible with quick trips into the city centre or out into the more scenic areas. Free breakfasts and access to the kitchen made the mornings easy and relaxing. We stayed in the room with access to the garden which was a beautiful outdoor space. The room itself was on the small side and was a bit tight to fit two people’s stuff-but again Teresa and Hugh offered to help with solutions to this as well. The beds had mattress warmers which helped with the chill and dampness known with the Ireland weather. The mattresses were firm, I prefer something a bit softer but it’s all about preference. Overall a lovely stay and would gladly recommend booking.283 It was a very pleasant stay, the house is in the Dundrum neighborhood, you arrive in the tram (Luas) from the center (also by bus but the tram is faster and less confusing) the house is large and comfortable, others for theBreakfast have many things, I am vegetarian and lactose intolerant and bought me vegetable milk so that I could have breakfast.Teresa and her husband are very attentive and friendly, if you don't have a plan to visit the city they give you a thousand ideas.284 Recommended for budget285 Teresa and her husband were friendly and very amiable. The house was sparkling clean and we were made to feel really welcome. Though a little way out from the centre, the area was lovely and great for excursions both into and out of the city. Public transport was very good and the bus-stop into Dublin opposite the house. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and highly recommend it to anyone!286 It's an amazing house with an amazing garden and great hosts. It's a bit far from the center but the transport is very good and not very expensive. I would recommend it to anyone.287 Wonderful accommodation!  Teresa made sure we were well attended to and thoroughly informed about sightseeing.  Everything was clean and inviting; a very comfortable environment.  I especially appreciated the multiple adapters & outlets provided in the room.  I would gladly stay there again!288 Theresa contacted us well on time to be sure that she would be at home on our arrival. <br/> The room near the garden was ok, a bit small for 2 people, but everything was there, what is needed;Certainly the breakfast was extensively provided.289 Teresa and her husband are an absolutely darling couple who are filled to the brim with recommendations of what to do during your stay. They have thought of every single thing in order to make your stay as comfortable as possible, and are so welcoming and friendly. Dundrum is a lovely little town very connected to Dublin public transport, with a large shopping centre just down the road. It's the perfect place to stay if you don't want to be immediately downtown and want to have the most delightful hosts.290 Its a friendly and clean place with good connections to the city centre and very helpful hosts.291 Teresa and her husband were lovely hosts. They gave great advice about reataurants, nightlife and activities.  I would highly recommend them.292 Teresa and Hugh were beyond great! I had no problem communicating w Teresa about any questions I had before our trip and once we arrived, she provided awesome tips on where to go and what to see. The house has a beautiful garden that is the perfect spot to unwind at the end of a busy day :) I would definitely recommend staying here if you're visiting Dublin!293 Teresa was a fantastic,  friendly, and helpful host. From all her tips, I want to come back soon and stay with her again to experience some of the places she suggested and to experience true Irish hospitality!294 .295 lovely hosts and we felt very welcomed. it was perfect for our trip and would highly recommend!296 You can expect a warm welcome from this lovely couple! It is immaculate inside and out, Teresa's touch has made the house a home with her quirky eye and style (Website hidden by Airbnb) There is a lovely garden to start your mornings in and everything is close at hand, plus their local knowledge provides a wealth of ideas that guidebooks might overlook (Website hidden by Airbnb) Thanks again from me and my Mam. Sláinte297 They both were lovely and helpful hosts. The communication was great. The place was tidy and clean.the room was comfortable and cozy. we had an access to the kitchen. the neighborhood is quiet . we highly recommend to be their guests. we'll be delighted to return.298 The garden at the bottom of the house and spacious and very beautiful299 Nice quiet place out of the city center area to stay. Close to Airport bus, Tram into city, and huge shopping mall with all the major retailers and restaurants. All within walking distance. 10-15 minute walk. We were not able to pick up Sim Card at Airport on arrival so the first night we were there Teresa and her husband offered to drive us to the mall to pick up a card but we opted to walk. Speaks volumes to the kind of hosting one can expect when staying with Teresa.300 Teresa and Hugh were very welcoming hosts for both Robyn and I. Both were very helpful and we had a nice time getting to know them when we were around. The space was clean and welcoming, we loved that we could help ourselves to tea at anytime, and the backyard was a lovely place to sit when it was nice out. It was a little far from the city centre but very easy to get to with the tram, the walk wasn’t terribly far. The bus stop was right outside the house but it came less frequently. It was also nice getting to know the other guests in the house.301 Teresa and her husband were great hosts . My wife and I we had such a great time , they were very helpful  . We totally recommend their place !302 Unfortunately, our stay was not as expected. We booked for two nights but did not stay in the room on the second night. It was noisy and cold. It felt shabby given the cost per night. Communication with the host was clear and quick, but we did feel very disappointed with the quality of the room and would certainly not recommend.303 Quiet area near public transportation. I loved the fast communication. I booked this place last minute after I missed my flight and I am very happy for them to be accommodating. The shower was a tad small, but the mattress, although on the thinner side, was better than I could imagine. I had no back issues after sleeping on it and that usually happens no matter where I go. I was able to come and go and the people around the area were friendly. Love the free parking too.304 Cozy apartment a quick cab ride to downtown Dublin305 The Molly Malone studio had everything I needed for my 2 night stay.  The hosts were very helpful and provided me with everything I needed to know before hand and made my stay a pleasant one. Checking in was done with lock boxes and it was very easy. The flat was clean and the bed comfortable. There is a Bus stop outside the flat, that can take you to the center of the city in 10 minutes and supermarkets just a few minutes away. Very well located and value for money. Dublin is a beautiful city and I got just a glimpse. I will be back. Thank you306 The apartment of Fiona and Liam is very pleasant, ideally placed and well equipped.All in a very typical residence.The hosts are responsive and full of good advice!The recovery of the keys is very well thought out.The apartment was impeccable, there were even bagels and fruit for our arrival. <br/> I recommend this accommodation 100% for a trip to Dublin.307 Cozy comfortable and clean.The center can be reached in about 15 minutes on foot.308 A quiet place to stay and very clean.309 We had a great stay at Liam and Fiona's place. The studio is well located, safe and quiet and not far away from the city center. Liam and Fiona are wonderful hosts, available, kind and helpful.310 .311 Lovely clean place to stay and excellent bus service right outside.<br/>If you miss the last bus back and get the tram make sure you get your bearings right or like us you could end up walking half way back into Dublin city centre before realising312 Great place. Really comfortable location. Clean, warm and relaxing place.313 Outstanding apartment314 my personal opinion it was not worth €600 for the week, the oven did not work properly, the surrounding apartments joined at the wall made it very difficult to sleep, there was people partying and speaking very loud, between the hours of 12am & 7am waking up regularly because of this, the internet was not good, over all I would not pay €600 to spend a week there again, felt like a hostel, it’s a Terrance house but refurnished into studio bedrooms, The washing machine was outside in the shed, no camera to see if anybody was to steal your clothing this would be a issue315 This place is great. About 5 minutes walk to Phoenix Park and about 30-40 minute walk to downtown/temple bar area. The apartment is great, clean and private. I stayed for a couple of weeks and highly suggest for anyone looking in the Dublin area.316 Liam and Fiona’s place was very clean, well equipped and was close by to shops. Great communication and easy check in.317 Good to stay for a few days, good kitchen functional, clean, small bathroom but good a nice home318 This apartment was perfect — clean, nice natural light, great location, and a well equipped kitchen. It’s small, but totally sufficient for 1-2 people. <br/><br/>Liam and Fiona were incredibly responsive and helpful.319 Lovely studio close to city centre! Fiona and Liam were very kind when giving all the instructions for the check in/out and providing some tips for our stay in Dunlin.320 Great place to explore Dublin from - was only a 20 minute walk into the city. Apartment was very clean and did the job well for a city break. Fiona and Liam were great at communicating and very helpful at answering any questions we had. Also very grateful to Rory the taxi driver they use, who helped us get into the apartment and set up on the first day. Thanks for a brilliant stay!321 The apartment is cosy and very well located in Dublin with a 15 minute bike ride from city centre. The bed is good and the shower’s hot with plenty water pressure. Also spacious enough to leave your luggage when you go into town.<br/>Would recommend staying here.322 Nice little cosy stay. although the walls and roof are thin so you can hearmost everyone else in the house. didn't bother me though. Nice and close to town by walk, bus, or taxi.323 Very nice place. Close to everything you need. Fiona and Liam were great, both before and during our stay.324 This room is excellently located in Dublin, with parking, supermarkets, take-aways and Phoenix Park within easy walking distance. It's difficult to find good value accommodation in the city centre, and this charming building is just perfect. Fiona and the housekeeper were really on top of communication and making sure we had everything we needed - very efficient!325 Liam and Fiona were fantastic to work with. They kept good communication throughout the trip, ensuring we didn't need anything, and Liam toon the extra time at the beginning to replace the shower head. The flat is only a 30-40 min. walk to the city center, a block away from a convenience store and a marvelous bar, and in a beautiful neighborhood. the view was quaint and perfect. highly recommend, especially for the price!326 My parents spent the weekend in the apartment of Liam and Fiona and everything was clean, the procedure of practical arrival, and communication with easy hosts.<br/> Thank you!327 Had a lovely time at Fiona and Liam’s place. This was my second time staying here - it’s a great location for a trip to Dublin.328 If you want to be in town and locality means everything to you then I’d highly recommend this place. <br/>You would be quite surprised how close everything is and the convenience everything is. Thumbs up on location and value for money329 lovely stay,  10/10.330 We didn't meet Fiona and Liam, but the check-in was very well organized and smooth nonetheless. The appartment was clean, cozy and the kitchen had everything we needed. The city center is easily reachable after a short walk. Can definitely recommend the appartment.331 The units location is great for easy access to buses.332 We so enjoyed staying at the Molly Malone. This was not too far of a walk from the busier city center, but perfectly located in a quieter neighborhood for peace. Be warned for the next traveler, the stairs to the upper level rooms are narrow and the rooms are small; pack lightly or in a smaller luggage. The shower is also very small.333 The location is very good, you are right at the bus stops and everything was as described and very quiet.Liam and Fiona were very helpful and communication was great.Gladly again!334 Nice stay!The studio is well kept and close to very nice pubs!<br/> We have not met Fiona and Liam, the entry into the studio is done independently (this is a large house in which there are several similar studios, as is a lot in the country). <br/> even if we have not seen them, Fiona and Liam are very responsive to messages and our exchanges have been very friendly !!!335 It is a very quiet place, which has everything you need to be in the city336 The flat was great! Perfectly near to public transit and super easy to get to the main parts of the city. A quiet area and clean space.337 Arrived to check in which was self check in at the same time as another couple to realise we were both booked into the Molly Malone apartment. After a few calls over and back with Fiona and Liam it was discovered the apartment had been double booked but they were able to offer us another one, Oscar Wilde, in the same building which was the same size etc. Having not being in the other one I can't say how similar they were but from the photos there were some notable differences, mainly that this one had a pull down bed. The bed was ok but the mattress did seem to sink in the middle a bit. There was a great kitchen area which was well stocked with all appliances and utensils etc and the shower was really powerful. It was also clean. The location is good, you can walk into the city centre in about half an hour and there's a bus into the city centre just outside which was usually quite quick but I did get it to the apartment Friday rush hour from Leeson Street and it took over an hour, and when waiting for it, the first was full so didn't stop. It could be noisy at times, could hear when other apartments used taps or their shower but it didn't bother me and my husband wore ear plugs. Overall I would recommend though and would stay again338 This location was phenomenal. The apartments are beautiful (we also rented the Upstairs apartment in the same building) and are very well located. You can take the bus, the luas (tram), or just take a cheap cab ride right into the city. A point to consider is that you have to walk through the bedroom to get to the bathroom. The owners are quite friendly!339 Very good stay with Grainne.The apartment is very well equipped, the bedding is good and Grainne added a small foldable bed because we received a 5th person for two nights.It is ideal for visiting Dublin and not far to get out of the city.There is everything for transport and behind a private car park for the car (very practical).An address to advise and a very good value for money.340 The Cottage was a lovely, warm, homely place to stay which allowed us to enjoy our holiday to the maximum.  Grainne was very accomodating and available without being in our face.  Great facilities, plenty of crockery and glassware, nicely decorated, all the mod cons.  Really close to decent transport, restaurants, good pub grub, walks by the canal etc.  Parking on site (a rarity in Dublin) which was important as we have young children.  Would recommend without a doubt!341 Grainne's cottage styled dwelling made us feel right at home during our four week stay in Dublin. Looks and feels exactly as described.<br/>The Blackhorse luas stop is a 5 minute walk up the road, which made it extremely easy to get to the city centre. Tim and Grainne were very helpful at giving us touristy suggestions and were always available by phone or email. Overall, it has been a great, or as they say in ireland, GRAND experience. If you're going to Dublin, stay at one of Grainnes' apartments. You will not regret it.342 Absolutely flawless!! We rented all three flats in the building, through Grainne, and they were all absolutely precious. Just like the pictures!! Location wise is excellent, with extreme ease in and out of the city (or a cheap 10€ cab late at night), and the most delicious Italian restaurant and grocery store within walking distance. We were even left a mobile which was easily topped up at the market next door! All amenities were available, iron, ironing board, blow dryer.. It really felt like our own apartment! Thanks so much for such a great experience you two!! ;)343 Grainne and her husband were marvelous hosts. They were extremely helpful starting from the first moment, even before our arrival. Grainne with her eternal smile and kindness made us feel at home every time. They helped with every small questions we had during our stay. And the apartment is just so cozy !! Very comfortable and homey - and it gets warm within few minutes in case you need to use the heating. Both the room and the bathroom are pretty and very clean - and the couch in the living room is ideal to rest after a long day. It was such a pleasure to stay there ! I would love to return back - and I will definitely suggest your place to my friends, Grainne ! <br/><br/>Thanks to both of you !344 My friends and I had a very pleasant stay at this apartment. It was very pretty and spacious, and it was very easy to get to downtown Dublin (there is a bus stop right across the street). I would definitely recommend this place to others!345 We stayed with friends in the Graine accommodation.The accommodation is located in the DRC, it is very well designed and cozy.<br/> All our requests were quickly given by the owner who was available.<br/> At our arrival we had fruit, milk coffee and bread enough to make a snack after the trip.Charming attentions in the image of the very sympathetic and pleasant Irelandian population.<br/> I recommend this accommodation close to all bus, metro, in the city center in 15 min.Thanks to Graine and her husband.346 We were given lots of information on how to get around Dublin and the cottage is within easy walking distance of the City Sightseeing bus and if you have a car, there is secure parking off the street.347 Grainne made us feel very welcome - she stopped by the first morning to make sure we had everything we needed and knew how to get around. <br/>The description of the place was very accurate.<br/>The neighborhood was just outside Dublin's city centre - walkable by about 35 minutes. But also very accessible by bus and tram! The neighborhood seemed to be a little older, and there weren't a ton of options close by, but again, it was very easy to get to the city centre, so that didn't really matter. Plus there is a grocery story very close by and the apartment had a cute backyard area - so it made it really easy to stay in and cook your meals or enjoy some wine outside before going out.348 Very nice experience in dublin. The house is very confortable for 2 adults and 1/2 children. Public trasportation is really efficient, expecially luas at blackhorse stop. Markets available for food just in front of the house and even a pharmacy. To get in city centre it takes at least 20 min. House is equipped with all is needed, very clean, wifi and TV properly working.349 Our accommodation was over and above our expectations. The cottage was very well equipped with the luxury of a dishwasher.  Also combined with the washing machine was a useful dryer should it be necessary.<br/>The accommodation was in a good area with a choice of supermarkets, hairdressers etc.  We had good access to the city via a variety of buses and the tram, which was no more than 15 minutes away.<br/><br/>Our hosts were lovely and we had daily contact with their manager Valerie, who could not have done more to make our stay comfortable.<br/>All in all a very friendly Irish welcome with all the home comforts.<br/>350 The host canceled this reservation 38 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.351 A good address and rather well located.We did not meet our hosts only Valérie who takes care of the apartment.<br/> Quick answers to our questions, it's calm, parking in the backyard.<br/>352 We had a lovely stay in Dublin at this cottage, it was a perfect location for us, we had options for both walking and good transport. Supermarket just down the road. The cottage is cosy and the secure parking very handy. Thanks so much we got lots of tips as well which was appreciated.353 Our stay was so lovely. Everything about it was perfect. It is a little bit of a hassle to get to the city center, but not too bad. Would recommend this to anyone. We had a fantastic stay at Grave Gifford cottage and trip in Dublin!354 My family and I arrived in the bowed neighborhood, where the apartment was located, and the first impression was beautiful!I called my host to find out how to access the apartment and I had an immediate response from Grainne, with all the details.The house was really welcoming, well heated and clean;The back, on which the apartment overlooked was simple and well kept, with a small garden and the tables, which in spring or summer would be really delicious to consume the meal.The location was to say the least fantastic: residential area, quiet, but at the same time well connected with the city center and, a stone's throw along the main road, shops of all kinds and for all needs!Adjacent to the apartments along the tree -lined avenue, the wonderful church of Saint Mary with its college, a real Gothic architecture show.It was, even if for a few days, a beautiful, unforgettable experience I would say, certainly to be repeated in the future!We felt like at our house, the apartment had all the comforts, from the washer-dryer to the dishwasher, rapper and iron, pots, kettle and dishes in a super compact, but really graceful kitchen, as well as the dining roomadjacent.The bathroom was quite spacious, also equipped with a bidet, which is difficult to find in Anglossassoni countries, even if to access it you had to pass into the bedroom.Valery often came to ask if we needed something and has always been very kind and helpful.For the next holidays I would definitely return very willingly in one of Grainne's apartments !!!We had a really good time, and my daughter immediately became fond of this place!I sincerely thank Grainne, Valery and the very nice cleaning service workers;You made our stay comfortable, very pleasant and relaxing, and I would recommend it to anyone of my Italian friends.See you soon!<br/> Cristina, Antonio and Miriam.355 Perfect place, only 15 minutes from town center by bus. Perfect for those who need some calm after an intense journey in the city center.356 Very friendly apartment;Lack of household level and problem with the Gasinière;The wifi is not available in the room but apart from that the accommodation was very appreciable.357 Great place near Dublin center. Very clean. Two Big bed that can be shared by two without any problems. Host are very kind. Only remark is the wifi that didn't work completely flawless and noise on living room. Overall: Recommended.358 Everything at Grainne's apartment was just perfect. I stayed there for nearly a week with my mother who came visiting me from India. Both of us loved everything about our apartment. The location is very central and in proximity of the bus and tram stations. Valerie and Grainne both are super amazing and are very hospitable. Five on five for their hospitality and for their apartment!359 The place is very clean, but much smaller than the photos appear and the neighborhood is not very desireable. The bed pillows were Very uncomfortable, we were going to buy some, but never got to Suoer Tesco. Very few eating places in walking distance. The only bathroom in the apartment is in the one bedroom so any more than two people it makes it hard to share the space!360 Great place, great location, highly recommend it361 Quaint little apartment in Dublin. 5 minute walk to the tram to the city and the bus stop to the city goes every 15 minutes. Apartment was clean and cosy362 Everything was great and I had a comfortable time. I would definitely recommend Grainne’s place.363 pleasantly surprised with the cleaning of the apartment, very well equipped with kitchen and cleaning tools, highly recommended364 This was a lovely clean comfortable place to stay and it met all out needs, the local shops and pubs are all on your doorstep and we had great craic in he Black Lion pub. Macari's chippy across the road make the best chips I have ever tasted and we kept going back for more. Bus stop is just outside the door but we found that if there is three people then a taxi is just as cheap and much quicker. I had no need to call the host during our stay because everything was great and just as described. Loved our stay.365 super great! recommended366 Great communication throughout and Grainne and her husband were on hand to answer questions during our stay. <br/>Good location, close to local bars and restaurants. Easy, smooth check in. <br/>Thank you!367 Great price and location. Loads of information for you to have a smooth check in and experience while in the cottage.368 Accommodation as an advertisement advertising to go to the city center <br/> Tram bus <br/> very clear explanation369 Pleasant, clean and well placed accommodation in Dublin.370 We had a great time in Grainne’s house. It is a quit neighbourhood and near public transport. With the bus you reach the centre in 20 minutes. Also a few nice breakfast restaurants  are in the neighbourhood371 Lovely and comfortable place, quiet location. <br/>I didn't meet Grainne but he was helpful and clear with his instructions.<br/>I recommend372 The apartment is large enough, equipped and comfortable for 4 people.We appreciated decoration and comfort. <br/> We can go quickly and easily in the center with public transport or a taxi. <br/> the information is serious, clear and precise.We recommend !373 The reservation was canceled 42 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.374 This is a lovely house, very suitable for families with small children. It is in a great location, in Dublin city centre. Sinead was very helpful before and during our stay. We highly recommend this property to fellow airbnb travellers!375 A wonderful place to stay along the canal in South Dublin. We enjoyed our stay with our toddler very much. Thanks for the warm welcome, we would love to come back.376 We spent 2 days in Sinead Cottage.<br/>Very nice and comfortable place, the appartment is exactly like the pictures. This is a quite place but pretty close to the city center.<br/><br/>Sinead was very responsive, accommodating for check-in and check-out.<br/><br/>I would recommand this place for a visit of Dublin.377 Great location just South of the city center.  <br/><br/>Sinead was very helpful with any query we had about the property.378 It was great staying at Sinead´s place. It was quite cozy and the location is excellent. The area around the house is nice and there is a cannel in front of the house and lovely for walking along. There is also the short term public bike rental station 2 min. from the house. The communication with Sinead was smooth and we had a lovely time in Dublin.379 We had a very pleasant stay at Portobello Road. House was warm, clean and welcoming. Ideally situated and appointed for a stay in Dublin. Many thanks Sinead.380 We had a great time at the Portobello cottage of Sinead! This place is very cosy, clean and the location next to the canal with the swans is very nice. The location is not so far from the city center, it has all facilities you need (central heating, washing machine, dishwasher, very clean and comfortable beds,etc.) <br/>Thank you sinead!381 This is an amazing place to base yourself when in Dublin. It's warm and cosy and sits on the banks of the canal. It's just a short walk up to the river and there plenty restaurants and pubs around. Sinead and her husband were really helpful, especially when it came to getting a parking permit to me after I'd forgotten to ask for one. <br/><br/>Cheers Sinead!382 We had a great time in Sinead's house. It is very cozy and super well located.<br/>Although we know Dublin well, Sinead has been very friendly and responsive, even though she was days from giving birth.<br/>Would highly recommend staying in this house.383 The reservation was canceled 28 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.384 The reservation was canceled 36 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.385 Lovely little cottage in central Dublin. Nice location near the canal 15-20 min walk to the centre of town, museums etc. Well equipped kitchen, fabulous bathroom with a massive bath and HUGE dumping shower head and most importantly a wonderful and helpful host.386 Fantastic stay, all as described. Very quaint cottage right on the canal with beautiful interiors. Nice central part of Dublin.387 Indeed a stylish cottage and in a perfect location for exploring Dublin and eating locally.  Sinead was very helpful and understanding when we locked ourselves out!  We would stay again though there are small things that seem a bit tired in the house.<br/>388 Had a seamless interaction with Sinead, who was a very accommodating host.  Very easy to check in, and she gave me some really great recommendations for restaurants and cafes in the area, as well as some bread, butter, and eggs in the fridge.  Also, when there was a brief problem with the internet, she called the provider and had it resolved in only a couple of hours.  <br/><br/>The flat is really large and well laid-out, with a full-sized kitchen that opens up into a very bright and airy living room.  Nice, big bathroom and bedrooms, and really fun, attractive decor throughout.  Brand new washer, dryer, and dishwasher.  Also an abundance of really interesting-looking books that I unfortunately did not have much opportunity to read!  Oh,. and a very nice little garden off the living area, too. <br/><br/>The location is really nice, though a bit of a (very pleasant!) walk to the central/tourist areas of the city, which I didn't mind.  Maybe 20 minutes or so.  But only 10 minutes at the most to a host of pubs, restaurants, cafes, etc. on Richmond Street, and a couple of nice restaurants a stone's throw from the flat itself.  It's great to have the canal the leafy walking path alongside it literally across the street! <br/><br/>The only things I'd mention that were not entirely ideal is that some of the bedding could stand to be replaced relatively soon, and the mattress in the smaller bedroom might be comfortable enough for younger children, but not for adults. <br/><br/>Overall a very good experience, and great value.389 The property itself was ok however the house next door is derelict and people used it to dump their rubbish.  The house did have damp in the walls and as a result there was a musty smell and the sink did not work properly.  The owner however did make us feel welcome and it was close to where we needed to go for our stay, but I don't think it represented value for money.<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>390 This was our first experience with AirBnb and it was wonderful.  Sinead emailed me in advance of our stay to confirm our visit and provide information about checking in.  She was very responsive in her communication and we knew exactly what to do when we got to Dublin.  We were able to drop our bags off early, even before the place was cleaned (then we went somewhere for a late breakfast), which was nice, because we had just flown in and were quite tired.  She provided detailed instructions about the flat and the neighborhood.  Because she writes a restaurant blog, she even provided great information about local restaurants!  The flat was exactly as described and photographed; very charming and full of amenities.  The neighborhood was a nice residential area; very accessible to central Dublin via bus.  We might have walked more, except that I was rehabbing from an injury.  We had a wonderful stay in Dublin and Sinead was even very nice about the only negative, which was that I lost my rental cell phone.  The only unexpected, slightly negative part was that there was some road noise which we heard from the front bedroom; fortunately, ear plugs and white noise took care of that and we were able to sleep well.  I strongly recommend this location.  And I loved our visit to Ireland so much, I hope I can return in the future and stay longer.  Thank you so much, Sinead!391 The cottage was cozier and more comfortable than we could have hoped for. Perfectly clean and welcoming. Bright and cheery. Exactly what we needed for the last 3 of a 12 day trip. The neighborhood felt safe and quiet, and we had no problem walking to wherever our plans took us. Highly recommended.392 We (family of 3) stayed here for two weeks during Christmas this year (2014), and absolutely loved it. The house itself is beautifully decorated throughout, and contained absolutely everything we needed to have a spacious and extremely comfortable home away from home throughout our stay. Sinead the host is fantastic, very thoughtful, helpful, and always very responsive—it was always a pleasure to chat with her. As an ex-Dubliner myself, I can assure you the location is superb, about a 10-15 mins walk to the top of Grafton Street, and situated right on the canal. We'll be back, guaranteed. Thanks for everything Sinead, we had a really fantastic stay!393 Really nice house. Sinead is really nice and she was all the time writing us and supporting us with our needs. :-)394 Very nice house! We really enjoyed our stay and could not have asked for anything else !395 Sinead put this Airbnb home together very thoughtfully. She included lots of little touches,  including chocolates, beverages in the fridge, and a picnic basket full of goodness. It's in a quiet location where you can get away from the downtown Dublin hustle. However, if you're looking for the chaos of a place close to Temple Bar, it'll be a 30 minute walk or a 10 Euro taxi to get there. Overall, Sinead quick communication and thoughtful amenities made this an excellent place to stay for a night.396 From the pics the place looked lovely and Sinead was in touch as soon as we booked. When we arrived it was as good, if not better, than expected! We had a fantastic stay and loved all the little extra touches and Sinead was more than hospitable and helpful. I messaged her a couple of times with qs about the location and she replied immediately. Highly recommend!397 This was a great place to stay in Dublin. Very quiet on a nice canal to walk into the center to sightsee. Sinead was very communicative and helpful. She even left bread, cereal, milk, bread and coffee for us which was so great after a very long day of travel. The place is so cute and we were very comfortable. Definitely would stay there again!398 Easy to find. Parking right in front. Not safety issues.  Uber quick to pick up. Spacious apt for holiday. Sweet, in expected touches and treats. Would stay again. Recommend.399 A diamond in the rough. Don’t let the outside appearance fool you. A very relaxing cottage with a quirky color decor.  Within walking distance to restaurant and shops. If you have a car be prepared to deal with the challenge of finding parking in a big city. You can’t go wrong staying here.400 LOVED Sinead's place. It's super stylish and cozy. We were traveling with two young girls, and Sinead was thoughtful enough to provide us with some food to get us going until I could get to the store. She also lent us some toys, which  was really appreciated by the 4 year old.  The place was spotless - lovely modern kitchen and bathroom, and a master bedroom that was hard to leave in the morning! It's literally across the street from the canal, and there was quite a social scene about 2 blocks down along the banks, which was super fun! Very easy to walk to a number of restaurants (Bibi's, Locks, Viva, ) and the Tesco Express for groceries. About 20 minutes to St Stephen's Green and the action around there.  We spent every evening in the private walled garden. Could not recommend this place more, and we would definitely stay again.401 My sister & I stayed at Sinead’s place for a short while in the summertime. We were both very satisfied with our choice. Sinead’s place is comfortable, well decorated, and full of thoughtful touches. It is also well located in a neighborhood close enough to all the tourist attractions but far enough to enjoy the local charm. <br/><br/>Highly recommend Sinead’s place to all types of travelers. Hope to return again soon.402 Fab location, interior is awesome the pictures don't do it justice, lovely touches throughout the house, brilliant communication with host she couldn't have been more helpful403 Smashing house, spotlessly clean, great location 5 minutes from town but very quiet! Highly recommended404 Sinead was very helpful for us. We had an 18 month-old toddler, and she made a cot available, and brought us a high-chair and additional  toys. She provided good advice for us in getting around town. Lovely place by the canal - very quiet and cosy. Good to ensure that the hot-water system is figured out with the host - we had a little trouble getting it to work correctly. Not to detract from a very good stay. Would recommend to anyone405 only stayed for a short period of time as my wife, friends and I traveled through Ireland. It was perfect for the 4 of us! Excelent hospitality and communication from host. Great location - quick drive into the city, walkable distance to many restaurants, pubs and attraction, yet far enough to be quiet for sleep.406 This is a perfect little hamlet in a quiet neighborhood a nice mile walk from the City center. We enjoyed walking to the local coffee shop in the morning and exploring the neighborhood pubs (The Headliner was our favorite!) <br/><br/>The outside private garden was a nice respite and breath of fresh air. Natural light, comfortable beds and wow- a full size dishwasher and laundry really made a difference to our comfort after busy London for a week!<br/><br/>Sinead was responsive and gracious. We will definitely be back to this canal-side cottage!407 Sinead’s cottage is lovely. Located in a calm area, it is still close to Dublin center. The view on the canal from the master bedroom is simply beautiful. <br/>The pictures on Airbnb really don’t do justice  to the flat which is sophisticated and nicely decorated.<br/>Finally, it is worth mentioning that travelling with our two months old baby, Sinead managed to provide us with a brand new crib, which was ideal for our son ! Thanks a lot for that, which enabled us to travel lighter ! I would highly recommend Sinead place and will book it again next time I visit Dublin.408 Sinead’s place is amazing. It’s so stylish and clean. It’s also in such a good location, with a restaurant just at the corner. Sinead was so nice and accommodating. We would stay here again in a heartbeat!409 Beautiful house in a great location. Very quiet location which was great as I am a very light sleeper. Definitely would stay again!410 Good location & communication,  nice apartment.411 Sineads place is beautifully decorated and everything you need to be comfortable during your stay is provided. Could recommend this place enough!412 The host canceled this reservation 11 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.413 Sinead's lovely flat was a perfect base for our stay in Dublin: we rented it as a couple but it's spacious enough to accomodate four people as it has a spare bedroom as well. <br/>The decor was what made us choose it and I was amazed to find out that it was even more stylish in person:  often photos can distort a bit the truth but in this case they represent well what you'll find. Also, we had excellent communication with Sinead: very clever self check in and clear instructions.<br/>I'd definitely recommend it to friends for future stays in the city.414 Hi,<br/>This house is really lovely. It's very well located in Dublin no longer than 20'-25' walking from centre town.<br/>The house is not really big one but it's more than enough for 4 people staying with comfort.<br/>In addition house is fully equiped and we loved a lot finding a Nesspreso maching with few capsules ready for use.<br/>Car parking is also as easy as announced.<br/>If I had to get back to Dublin (which I hope it will be) I will chose Sinead's option with no doubt again.<br/><br/>415 Fabulous house, great location.416 Sinead's place is just fantastic. Close to the city centre but still in the suburbs, it makes for a great location to return to after a day of exploring. The beds are comfortable, amenities fantastic, wifi speed is great, with Tesco only a few minutes walk away. Would highly recommend this place if you're visiting Dublin417 Next to a nice canal with some good restaurants within walking distance. Only 1 to 2 miles away from most of the major attractions. It is right off a busy road but it’s not terribly noisy.418 As others have said the photos do not do this home from home justice. The location right on the canal is fantastic, near the city, 10 minute walk to lovely playground, so easy to get in to city centre. Parking and check in were so easy and Sinead brilliant to communicate with. I stayed with my two young children and they were delighted to discover the stash of toys and soft rugs to play on. Already planning next stay.419 This kind of cottage was clearly characteristic of some Dublin neighborhoods. The canal path is there for walks and running if you have the time. Knowing the one-way system would help with navigation! Some local restaurants.420 The location of Sinead’s flat was great. It’s close enough to the City Centre without being too close.  Parking was super easy as well.  Sinead was very attentive during our stay.  We would stay here again.421 Very practical location, a little away from the city center!Accommodation decorated with lots of charm and taste ... One of the two bedrooms is a bit noisy at night because it gives on the road, but the rest of the accommodation is very quiet.422 Nice decor and amazing location.  We walked everywhere and especially loved Two Birds, the yoga/coffee/breakfast place.423 A wonderfully decorated house in a perfect location for those who want to be part of Dublin for a while. With good connections (Bus and LUAS) to the city centre as well as close enough to shops and Restaurants/Pubs in Rathmines. <br/>Sinead is a very passionate host, which makes you feel cared for. We enjoyed our stay very much and would book the house again!424 Sinead was so accommodating and wonderful at communication.  The space was clean, comfortable and in a great location.  We wished we could have stayed longer.425 Lovely house, amazing location and a very accommodating host426 Right on the Grand Canal in a quiet neighborhood. We recommend The Lower Deck pub just up the street for Guinness and karaoke!427 Fab location - walking distance to city and Portobello/Rathmines/Ranelagh. Lots of space for 2 adults and our toddler - found some toys too which were much appreciated.428 Lovely place, ideal for a weekend in Dublin. Very stylish and clean.429 Sinead’s place was wonderful.  Located right on a canal it is a nice 15-20 minute walk to Trinity College area with plenty of sights to see along the way.  Sinead’s place had everything we needed, including some toys for our 4 and 2 year olds.  Sinead was readily available via the Airbnb app and always helpful.  Being in the city we were concerned about parking but we were able to easily park right on the street outside and use the parking passes provided by Sinead.  Overall we had an extremely enjoyable time and would recommend to all travelers, especially those with young children.430 Sinead's place is terrific - lovely location along the canal and very well organized.  Thanks Sinead.431 We enjoyed our stay here over Christmas. House was very clean, a good size, warm and safe. Sinead was a great host, very helpful, responsive and accommodating. Would stay here again!432 This is a stunning house right near the city centre in a lovely area. I cannot recommend it enough and would definitely return!433 We don’t wish to that but will be interested to hear your response to what we have experienced434 Great location, compact and trendy decor with an unbeatable location and to make it even better pet friendly, the morning walks on the canal with our Riley (the puppy) watching the swans was lovely, highly recommend and look forward to staying again.435 Had a great stay at Sineads place. Check in and check out was seamless, Sinead was always to quick to reply. Place was really clean and lovely :) had everything we needed.436 Our family loved this home. It was everything and more.  From the roll top bath to the espresso coffee machine and little sun trap garden ! The atmosphere in the morning walk and contrast warm evenings along canal ! Beautiful.437 Would highly recommend staying at Sinead’s house. It is perfect location and also Sinead is a fantastic host.438 Fabulous, clean and quirky! Great location and very friendly host. Would highly recommend and can't wait to come back and stay again.439 What a wonderful place! Right on the canal, beautiful quiet neighborhood close to everything. We walked everywhere, it was so easy. I highly recommend it! There is an awesome bakery around the corner. The place is clean and the beds are super comfortable. Sinead is an awesome host! Ask her about the Leapfrog corkscrew interactive host/ traveler challenge :) I will definitely come back!440 In a word this unit is "rustic". For a three or four 20-something friends, this place would be great. You could hang out along the canal together,  save money on meals by cooking together and so on. My university students would have made the most of this unit. The host was very nice and a clear communicator. Had the description been a bit more accurate, I would have likely opted to spend a few more dollars for my mother and I to stay in a hotel.441 Sinéad’s place was PERFECT for our family! Very clean, great location and neighborhood... walking to both Portobello and Rathmines neighborhoods.<br/><br/>Check in was very easy, every appliance you’d need, even a hair dryer and nespresso machine. And great comfortable style to the place.<br/><br/>Communication with Sinéad was easy and she was very responsive. We would LOVE to stay again!442 We had a great stay in Sineads house and really missed nothing.  It has a warm atmosphere and is really good lokated to walk to the town center.443 Great location in a quiet area. Easy 30 minute walk into “down town” area.444 Sinead's cottage is a fab place to stay for a trip to Dublin. Situated in the Portobello area of the city, there are many shops, cafe's bars and pubs in walking distance. The popular areas of Camden Street and Harcourt Street are a 10 minute walk away and it took us about 30 minutes to walk into the centre of the city to Temple Bar. The Cottage is clean, modern and spacious however it retains its character. It had all the amenities we needed for a long weekend away.  Sinead was excellent at providing us details such as how to get to the cottage from the airport, how to check in and where to find things in the cottage. She also helped us arrange to leave our suitcases there after check out as we weren't flying until late in the evening. I would highly recommend this cottage to anyone who is looking for a stay in Dublin. It was close enough to walk to the tourist areas, yet far enough from the central areas of Temple Bar and Grafton Street that we felt we experienced the real Dublin.445 Things that were great: location was awesome, Sinead's responsiveness was great. Quiet neighbourhood. <br/><br/>Things that couldn't be avoided: key to get in was not turning properly, Sinead was there in 5 minutes to get it sorted out. Biggest issue - fire alarm went off every 30 minutes from 645 in the morning until we left that morning. Luckily Sinead answered and got us the code but was annoying nonetheless but unavoidable I think, just one of those things. <br/><br/>Why not a 5 star: some basic things were missing - baking sheets in particular, instructions to run the oven (in general, the oven is not our style, old school and takes forever to heat up and cool down; we cook a lot so would be helpful to know from the outset), instructions for the radiator (we're spoiled and like it warmer and especially with an infant), in general the place was a little 'cottage' which I guess fits with the title, but I think we missed the mark in our booking, and should've gotten something more modern with more modern amenities. <br/><br/>In general, the place was very nice, Sinead's responsiveness was second to none, the place just wasn't our style.446 Location was good but not great value for money.<br/>We had issues with hot water which were not resolved. The house is tired and has a damp smell throughout. I offered the host some constructive advice but she was offended and replied with a sarcastic comment.447 Great place Just 15min. Out of the city center its clean great beds and shower448 What a cool place!  It was such a pleasure to come home to Portobello after a busy day in Dublin. The area is quiet and quaint and still close enough in to the city to reach everything easily.   The decor is happy and interesting and the bright, airy, private space is everything we could have asked for!  The separate washer and dryer were a definite plus!!  Our taxi driver was very happy with our choice not to stay in the “touristy” heart of the city and he quite approved of the location as well :)449 Great communication from host prior to our visit. The house is cute and spacious in a lovely location by the canal .. and it’s dog friendly! We could walk to the city or Rathmines in the opposite direction for restaurants, bars and shopping. Some standards had slipped in certain areas of the property compared to the photos and would benefit from a tidy up and a bit of TLC, ie garden areas, cobwebs and a bit of damp. Really wouldn’t take much and Sinead‘s Place would be idyllic.450 Sinead has a lovely home. It was the perfect place for my mom, sister and I to stay on the final days of our trip through Ireland. I think it would also be a great place for friends to stay as well. The house was super comfortable and clean. Portobello is a great area of Dublin that’s easily walkable to center city (20-25min) and it’s also close to good food and bars (like the Eatyard and Richmond). Sinead was very helpful and responsive as well. I highly recommend this Airbnb!451 Sineads place is in a great location to explore central Dublin and Portobello. Everything on the doorstep. We walked everywhere and lots if things to see on the way. <br/>Sineads communication  was excellent and the house is really cute and quirky and has a homely feel away from the buzz of city living.452 Great house in a nice area of Dublin - walking distance to town and to good pubs and restaurants. Sinead was very helpful - perfect spot to spend a long weekend.453 Sinead is very responsive, and really nice, and it’s  a very cute flat! <br/><br/>Retro vibe, but mod-cons so it is very nice. Very clean on arrival, very nice and checking in and out eezzy-peezzy! We had some hot water issues, wasn’t a big issue for us, but could be I guess.<br/><br/>Really cute and easy bus ride to downtown. Lots of shopping and restaurants to stop by. Also, lots of local venues close by.<br/><br/>Overall, very nice!454 Great and spacious home right by the canal. It's close to all the actions happening in downtown but a nice quiet place to rest at night. We highly recommend this place!455 Nice location, quick response from host, nice shower, full kitchen, just what we needed.456 This inspired cottage has charming traditional features and artistic flare. The cottage was perfect for us, a couple, because it was large, easy to enjoy, adjacent to the canal with swans floating by and a fun 20 minute walk to the heart of the City. Our highlights were super comfortable queen bed, easy undesignated free street parking, large shower, canal walking path, and a 2 minute walk to a local Italian restaurant for dinner. The cottage is old fashioned but VERY comfortable. We enjoyed homemade breakfast in the well-equipped kitchen. We appreciate the host’s extras such as extra towels, wash cloths!, myriad shower products and travel book collection. It’s easy to recommend this place for a visit to Dublin.457 Great space that has been given  the right touch. Nice wee home 😁😁458 This was our first time in Ireland and my friend and I wanted something cozy and close enough to the city to walk. This little gem did not disappoint! There are little pubs and restaurants everywhere within a 10 minute walk. We arrived early and Sinead let us check in with no problems. From the moment we got there it literally felt like home. When my hair straightener broke, Sinead had her husband drop one off for me! The place does have a musky odour but we're Canadian and it just smelled like a typical cottage to us. The canal is right outside the door and you can walk along it and feed the swans. The neighbourhood was quiet but you could get to Grafton St., Trinity College, St. Stephen's Green and Sr. Patrick's Cathedral in about 20 minutes by foot. All in all we lacked for NOTHING. We will 100% be back next year!459 Sinead's place is wonderful. Wonderful, stylish apartment in a fantastic location. Easily walkable to lots of great restaurants and sights. Would definitely stay here again!460 Pleasant and relaxing stay461 A delightful cottage  full of thoughtful touches and a real home from home.  Great location and super convenient for public transport or to walk into the centre of Dublin.  Bed was really comfortable,  everything super clean and Sinead was very helpful and responsive.  A truly great place to stay462 Great house, superb location, really clean and some really nice details with coffee machine and some card games. Sinead was super easy to deal with and the check in/out flawless463 really great interesting historical house near not far from center with real irish mood464 If your wanting great hospitality, a great home for family travellers, living in a very up market part of Dublin (Portobello) outside the city center then look no further. A great home on the Canel with Swans at your front door. The home was fantastic with everything you need. Bedrooms were great and comfy, bathroom big and clean and kitchen and lounge amazing. Also a little courtyard a great addition although it was raining so we didn't use. The only downfall if your wanting to be in the heart of the city center it's about 25 mins walk away but didn't bother us. Sinead was amazing even getting us out of a massive pickle allowing us to check in a day early. Amazing!!!! Thank you so much for having us at your home where you once lived. It was great to meet you and your son too. We loved every minute and cannot wait to be back.465 We came from Amsterdam to spend 3 nights in Fiona's apartment. The apartment is spacious, complete and clean. In a very nice neighbourhood with everything you need closeby like a large supermarket called Nolans in a nice street with a great deli shop. The busstop to get to the city center is just a few minutes walk. Everything is well arranged by Fiona to make sure you have a comfortable stay in Dublin. Thanks!466 The accommodation was lovely.  Clean and warm, and Fiona was a pleasure to deal with.  Would stay here again without hesitation and would recommend it to my friends.467 Fiona did everything she could to make our stay as comfortable as possible. The townhouse was clean and the neighbors were friendly. We felt safe and secure while there. There was more than ample space for us to unpack and make ourselves at home. Fiona was very sensitive to our needs as a family with a young child and even made accommodations for our child's food allergies. We really enjoyed our stay!468 Thanks a lot to Fiona who was really nice with us, available and flexible. We really enjoyed the nearbourghood and the fact to be in Dublin and closed to the sea. Bus, food shops.... everything near to the flat!!!<br/>Don't hesitate to book it!!!<br/>469 We arrived on Wedndesday 26th in Dublin, and heartfully welcomed and instructed  to the monitored Alarm, the heating and so on…The house is situated in a nice neighborhood, Bars and Shops close around, but absolutely quiet at night, what I enjoyed so much.<br/><br/>The bus station is a 5-minute walk away, which was nice ( 2.35€ by bus to Dublin City), and the DART-Station, which we used to get to Howth and Bray, a 15-minute walk from the house along the coastline, pretty nice.<br/>What I liked the most was the warmth you felt in the house, we felt comfortable and you got it all there. Good mattresses, nice kitchen, good interior. Really good value, that´s what I 33yrs and my family members 57yrs thought. All in all very recommendable, especially the contact with the owner, Fiona!<br/><br/>Fiona´s a very nice person, good to talk to, and she´ll be there whenever and about whatever you may ring her. Because our flight was late, she left some food and milk to get to the other day, because the shops were already closed.<br/>Thank you so much again! How nice is that?!<br/><br/>You should book, that´s what I can say, like I will, when me and my wife come to Dublin again.470 Perfect in every respect.471 The apartment is ideal for four people.<br/> It offers enough space, is well equipped and is located<br/> in a beautiful residential area.472 Home from home,good location,easy transport to Dublin Centre.  Martha a close friend of Fiona showed us around and how everything worked, also Fiona supplied all information needed for a great stay, would thoroughly recommend anyone visiting Dublin.  Photos show a true reflection of this lovely home, thanks Fiona473 The best place in Dublin. Nice neighborhood very close to the canal where I had the chance to go jogging. Hardware store, supermarket, restaurants are very close. The townhouse is modern and nice. The fact that it has two bedrooms is unique in the city at that price range. We were able to cook. The place is equipped with all utensils and basic condiments and coffee. There was bread, milk and cereals waiting for us at our arrival. I was able to communicate with Fiona via (Hidden by Airbnb) any time I needed even to ask any advice about my ways in the city. The wifi is hiper fast. 32 Mgb. Thanks so much for such good and warm service. You get all you see in the add. My expectations were totally fulfilled. <br/>474 This was my first airbnb experience - and it has solidified my continued use! Fiona's townhouse was wonderful - quiet neighborhood, well appointed kitchen, and comfortable living room, solarium and beds.<br/>Everything was clean and Fiona's neighbor was available to let us in and explain all the nuances for security, heating and more.<br/>We had a grocery store, Clontaft Castle and restaurants in easy walking distance as well as quick access to the Dublin buses to get everywhere we needed.<br/>I highly recommend this rental!475 Fiona's townhouse was absolutely great - extremly quiet and great beds - I slept like a log. Everything was there, well arranged and clean. Connection by bus to the city is fast with easy access (5 min walk to the busstop). Fiona is a lovely host, I thoroughly recommend her townhouse, we would stay again. We had a great time in Dublin. Thank's Fiona.476 We had a very good stay in Fiona's townhouse in Clontarf. It was great location and convenient for trips into the city and surrounding area. The house is comfortable and welcoming and communication with Fiona was good. We would happily stay here again.477 A brilliant stay in a wonderful house. It was fantastic to have so much space, to be able to unpack etc. And facilities were very good - everything we needed: cooking options, refrigerator, washing machine, huge TV, CD player etc.  Even some food left - and some fresh bread and milk when we arrived. The information was precise, the welcome highly appropriate. The neighbourhood is great - close to town by bus, and also close to the ferry terminal. Also some great eating options not too far away. Thanks.478 Excellent experience without host, pleasant and gracious. The mews was  just like home.479 One thing is said at the beginning: there is only one thing we regret, namely the fact that our hostess has not met personally.Of course, this was because it was on vacation.The house was left to us with confidence and our hostess had made sure that we could pick up the front door key from a neighbor.This neighbor greeted us warmly with bread and milk, and in this way expanded the stock that was free to have in the filled fridge.We felt comfortable from the first minute.It is a cozy house that is very quiet because it is a good piece of moving to a busy street.The rooms are both lovingly furnished and bright and clean.We were there in pairs and had a lot of space to spread out.We did not use the second bedroom, which would have been practical for 1-2 more people.For morning or evening walks, the Clontarf Seafront is only a few minutes' walk away.First shops, especially smaller supermarkets, bakers or bistros, can also be reached on foot with a few minutes longer.The city center is most convenient and without much effort by bus on line 130, which runs every 10 minutes every 10 minutes and on the weekend every 15-20 min.All in all, we liked it very much at Fiona!<br/>480 It is without hesitation that I would recommend this townhouse.  Fiona and her husband are two of the nicest people I met in Dublin.  In the beginning I could not figure out the electric shower and when I called, Fiona's husband came right over.  They made arrangements for us to get the key, had bread and milk waiting and showed us where all the local grocery stores are and other information was displayed.  I would highly recommend this townhouse, they made my trip most enjoyable.481 Fiona greeted  us at the apartment as we arrived in Dublin. It was a pleasure to meet her children and husband, all of whom were exceptionally welcoming.  It was lovely of Fiona to buy us  a few groceries, she made us feel at home straight away and for this we were very grateful. <br/>The apartment was beautiful, in a great location and with excellent resources.  Thank you Fiona and her family for welcoming  us into a beautiful home. Would recommend to anyone!482 Fiona was at the townhouse waiting for us. She had kindly allowed us to check in early. This was so welcome after a long flight from Australia. There was plenty of information about Dublin and Fiona not only showed us around the townhouse but was also very helpful in what to see in Dublin and how to get around on the buses which are close by. Clontarf Castle is only 5 minutes walk away and I would recommend an evening meal up at the Castle. The townhouse is very comfortable and had everything we needed. Fiona supplied bread, milk and some fresh ham. The townhouse was in a great location, very quiet and it was nice to get away from the hustle and bustle of Dublin.483 The house is perfectly located for visiting Dublin city center (one bus will take you straight there) and UCD.  the Dundrum Shopping Center is 10 minutes walk, where there are many different restaurants, shops, Tesco's, etc.  Teresa is very kind and helpful and are very flexible with guests coming and going.484 A warm welcome, in a pleasant district a little out of the way.485 Teresa and Hugh are very warm and open -minded hosts.My daughter and I found the stay very pleasant.Our bedroom was clean and cozy.We lacked nothing.For breakfast there is a large selection of jams, peanut butter, Nutella and honey.<br/> Teresa provided us with very good tips before the start of the trip.Thank you very much again, we felt very comfortable.486 great hosts...comfy beds...handy to Dundrum...close to bus routes and trams..quiet area..487 The place is in a great location, less than 15 minutes from the city center by tram, yet it is very cosy and quiet. Teresa is a wonderful host. I can genuinely recommend anyone who wants to visit Dublin to stay with her.488 Excellent super hosts in all ways. High recommendations for anyone to stay at their place. Splendid stay!489 Townhouse was exactly as explained.  Great location for getting into the city but still being in a quiet family neighborhood.  The walk to the city bus was short with a nice park and water view. Fiona was accommodating to our schedule and very easy to work with in arranging our stay.  <br/>490 The welcome was very courteous, Fiona is a truly exquisite and helpful person and throughout the stay he provided us with all useful information that we have requested from time to time.<br/><br/> The apartment responds exactly to the written description in addition to the one for images, the neighborhood is truly elegant, elegant and silent.The distance from the city center can be traveled with half an hour walk, the same is easily reachable by the bus to be taken to the nearby stop.491 We were very pleased with our experience.  The hostess put in a few provisions  to get us started on our Ireland experience.  The location of the home was near the bus stop so we didn't have to drive into the  city.   The property was clean and quiet.  We would recommend it!.492 Me and my friend stayed for a week at Fionas house and our stay was excellent. She was a lovely host, she explained everything to us so clearly, she even picked us up from the Dart station and gave us a lift to the house in her car. She also was willing to take us to the nearest super market to do the shopping :) <br/>The house was perfect, very clean, with everything we needed and some food basics as well. It is only 10 minutes away by bus from the city center and there are several bus stops nearby. The neighbour is so quiet and nice, Clontarf is a really beautiful area.<br/>We definitely recommended Fionas house.493 We enjoyed our stay in Fiona's house. The house looks just like in the pictures. A beautiful location, quiet neighborhood. Communication with Fiona was excellent although we didn't meet personally. Her neighbor Martha was very kind to show us around upon our arrival.  Fiona was really helpful with all our questions prior to arrival and once in Dublin. If you are looking on for accommodation in this area and want to feel right at home, look no further. Truly recommended!494 Lovely house perfect for what we needed. Very clean and very considerate host. Good location only a 10 min can ride outside city centre. Would recommend495 Fiona was very helpful and quick in dealing with me and my queries as I was making the reservation and in my arrival.  Even though I was arriving late at night, and a Sat night to boot, Fiona was there to meet and greet and walk me around the appartment.<br/><br/>She was friendly and welcoming and even got a pack of my favourite coffee (Lavatza) and bread and milk etc to make the 1st morning more enjoyable496 Staying at Fiona's home was amazing. The location was close to the sea, which allowed my friends and I to have some memorable walks. Bull island which was very close, gave you some great views of the entrance into the port and the surrounding mountains. Fiona helped us every step of the way and had a great information packet for us to use. Due to Fiona's hospitality and those of the locals, we really enjoyed our stay in Ireland.497 Excellent everything: elegant neighborhood, welcome and comfortable and silent home.<br/> All exceptional !!!!498 Good location, great host!<br/><br/> The contact with Fiona was great before the trip, she gave us good tips regarding arrival etc.<br/> The accommodation was as described, very nicely located (about 10min in the City Center), clean and completely large for us 4.<br/> Fiona even provided us with food and instructed us very well.<br/><br/> Overall you have to say that everything was really very good and we would like to come back499 We really enjoyed staying at Fiona's house. All her tips were very helpful and she made us feel really welcome. The house is beautiful and a very nice location to discover a fabulous city like Dublin. Thanks for everything :)500 Fiona communicated with us by email to prepare our arrival well and answered some organizational questions.Fiona was waiting for us in the accommodation.It was very organized (notice book) and welcomed us very warmly.She was very patient because it had been a while since we had spoken English!In the cupboards, she had very kindly made food at our disposal: bread, eggs, milk ... She also told us the shops nearby, the means of transport available and some ballads.The accommodation corresponds well to the description.The beds are very comfortable and the heating works very well.Fiona explained to us how the shower works.We did not have a problem to make it work but the pump is noisy, it is better that everyone is awake!The house is very well placed: a few meters from the sea, close to Dublin (ten minutes by bus).We were lucky to have a week of good weather and time has passed very quickly.Very good memories: shows in Howth, Ballad in Greystone, and especially the kindness of the Irish!501 Very helpful, friendly and welcoming host. Made us feel very welcome in the house and had put together a very much appreciated welcome pack for us when we arrived. <br/>The house has all that is needed and is very comfortable. A real home away from home.<br/>House location is great - easy walk to coast, transport links and ammenities.<br/>Thanks You Fiona for everything - the 2 boys enjoyed all the toys and books!!502 We rented Fiona's townhouse in Clontarf Dublin for a week. We had an amazing time, the house and neighbourhood were super, our reception by Fiona was very attentive and warm and we enjoyed Dublin an surroundings immensly.<br/>Fiona waited for us when we arrived. The house was superclean and well equiped and she even bought groceries. We had never received such a welcome. There was a lot of handy information in the house. Beds were comfortable, spacious bedrooms, good size bathroom, a place in the back outside to smoke a cigarette in the sun. We were more than happy. The only thing we missed was some furniture outdoors to sit on when the sun was out. <br/>We were happy that we rented a place away from the crowded innercity in Dublin. Altough it took us only 12 minutes by bus to get there. And in the evening we could walk around in the lovely neigbourhood of Clontarf, eat at the Castle and drink a beer in the Yacht club. We didn't mis a thing! <br/>I also think that it is much more relaxing to sit in a comfortable chair and reed a book in the evening  in a 'proper house' than sitting on your bed in a small hotelroom. Rent a house!<br/>503 We spent a wonderful week in the house of Fiona.The house is located five minutes on foot from the bus stop.The bus goes to the center every 10-15 minutes (late in the evening and on Sunday every 20 minutes).Travel time is 15-20 minutes.The area is very quiet.There is a store on the next street.A minute of 10-15 on foot-a bar "Yacht", where they offer the entire assortment of traditional Irish dishes and drinks.The house itself is very warm, in the evening it was enough to turn on the heating for only a couple of hours.There is a wonderful glass veranda with comfortable beautiful furniture.Fiona undermined us, showed everything and told us, and even left detailed instructions in case we forget something.In the same instructions there was a local taxi phone, which can be called from a home phone.Our return flight was in the evening, and, becauseNew guests did not call on this day, Fiona allowed us to stay to the plane, and not to leave in the morning.<br/> For those who are going to come to Dublin, I highly recommend settling in the house of Fiona - a magnificent ratio of price, location and comfort.<br/>504 W stayed a little over 2 weeks in this accomodation.<br/>Upong arrival, the kitchen was stocked with a welcome pack, whcih included the  breafkast necessities.<br/>We were greeted in person and shown around  the premises<br/>The  townhome was very clean, internet access easily obtained, wide screen television in the sitting room.<br/>We thoroughly enjoyed our stay.<br/>505 Fiona was fantastic and the condo was amazing. Everything was easy and convenient  and this condo sits in a great neighborhood.506 We were delighted with the welcome<br/> The house corresponded in every way the photos<br/> Address to recommend507 If you go to Ireland, try and get a room at Teresa's wonderful little cottage. I am so thankful I found her place. Staying there was just such a joy. Her and her husband are wonderful. So helpful, and nice. She suggested places to go, and he had all the maps needed for buses and easy places to get to. The house was beautiful,  and the rooms were lovely. Just perfect all around.508 Welcoming reception, and always available to think about our stay in Dublin.Parking was free in front of the door, but also with public transport. Plenty of options.Had a great time at Teresa.509 She is a cozy place with Teresa and her husband who attended us exploded, my son and I had a great time, I recommend it a lot 🤗510 The best stay with the most kind and welcoming host. Cant imagine to have a better stay anywhere, just perfect. I will recommend this to everybody that loves peace and tranquillity as well as the easy and quick transportation to the city center. I will definitely stay with Teresa again.511 Teresa and her husband were great hosts. Very personable. She picked me up from the bus stop because it was pouring rain. She made us feel at home for the four days we stayed. The room was quite small but served its purpose. The other guests were friendly as well. Thanks for a great stay!512 Teresa and Hugh were lovely hosts. Everything was nice...the welcome, the communication (we got Tips and everything we need). Their Cottage is really just sweet, everything was clean and the breakfast was delicious. The beds were comfortable...we had no suggested improvements.513 Teresa and Hugh are excellent hosts! Everything was perfect! When I arrived, I was given a tour and very helpful travel tips. I would definitely recommend booking!514 We can't say enough about how nice the house was and how wonderful and welcoming Mick, Dee, and their friend Lorna was!  The house was spotlessly clean, was very nicely decorated and was very comfortable.  The house is located in a quiet area only about a 10 minute walk to the centre or a very quick bus ride away.  Staying at Mick and Dee's house was a great experience and left us with a great feeling of Dublin.  We highly recommend staying here!515 Fantastic place, well ubicated and with everything you may need to feel like home when being abroad.<br/><br/>I would totally recommend it!<br/><br/>Gloria<br/>Catalonia<br/><br/>516 Very nice and helpful host throughout the stay, the house is great, much bigger and lovely than in the photos, close to downtown, you can walk almost everywhere.<br/>Definitely if I go back to Dublin I would repeat, lovely place!!517 We never got to meet Mick and Dee, but their friend let us in and explained how everything works. Very happy to recommend their house, which is just within easy reach of the "action" but far enough to be quiet when recovering.518 Best idea and experience ever! Traveling with a baby is always tough, but having a home to stay in made it fantastic. <br/><br/>The place is immaculate and super well located - we walked everywhere, was 10 mins max to city centre (walking with stroller).  Super easy to communicate with Mick and Dee, and they left us a fantastic map of all their favourite places in the city!<br/><br/>Lorna/Paddy - the holders of the keys are also amazing - very important for the in town support to be fantastic as well.<br/><br/>Added bonuses - super comfy bed and couch - exactly what you need after a day of exploring!<br/><br/>I can only hope if I use airbnb in the future the experience is this good, the bar has been set high!519 Gorgeous house !!!There is practically everything !!!5 stars luxury !!!<br/> Very close in the center I recommend you feel at home<br/> Hospitality, sympathy and courtesy at the highest levels.<br/> Congratulations you are gorgeous people<br/>520 Mick & Dee were amazing! From the moment we arrived they made us feel like family. They gave us the grand tour of the house and provided us with maps, bike passes and a taxi app to help us locate a taxi if needed. They then told us of a few local restaurants within walking distance and how to get to the city center. They also provided us with a bottle of wine to welcome us and coffee and pastries for the morning. They were the best, I would stay here again!!521 Had a great time at Mick & Dee's place. It's a really nice house & while the neighbourhood isn't great (apparently), we found it fine & had no problems walking around at any time of day or night. It's nice & central - we walked to town a couple of times (15 minutes or so) and caught cabs at others (less than €10).<br/>A bottle of wine & a block of chocolate to welcome us was a nice touch. We'd thoroughly recommend staying here.522 Peaceful and comfortable place with good connection to Dublin center, lovely host, help is available on request. Would come again!523 Excellent is the word to describe our stay at Teresa's place! We couldn't have asked for anything better and the title of superhost is more than deserved. We had a lovely time in Dublin and surroundings and our stay at the cottage was the cream of the crop.<br/>Teresa and her husband are wonderful people and gave us great suggestions and tips for our stay, the place was very comfortable and cozy indeed and had everything that was needed, great breakfast, clean,  and the communication with Teresa at all time was perfect. This place is highly recommended!524 Very clean, lots if information about area.525 I stayed twice with Teresa and her husband. They are very friendly and openminded people. We felt comfortable at their house from the beginning. The bedroom was nice and has everything one could need. You have to share the bathroom with other guests, which isn’t a problem at all. <br/>Breakfast is also provided.<br/>Everything is clean.<br/>I will definitely stay with them again. It feels like home and one can really enjoy their holidays there.526 We felt very comfortable and can only recommend the accommodation.Small but very nice rooms.Clean.Very nice host.Great breakfast offer.Many tips for activities.Would book again at any time =)527 A charming stay in a beautiful home which reminded me of a boutique hotel!! Teresa was extremely helpful and very warm and friendly. Just a 10 minute walk to Dundrum Luas stop. A fantastic place to stay would highly recommend!!!528 Teresa’s home was lovely and better than expected. Also, commuting to and from was easy. Teresa and her husband are kind and more than willing to help you get around Dublin. Love this cozy place! 11/10 recommend :)529 We enjoyed our stay and highly recommend Teresas house.Nicely decorated,charming and cosy.Easy to get to the city centre and the beautiful areas around by public transportation.530 We had a great stay at the cottage. We loved the warm beds after a chilly day of activities. Quiet neighborhood which has train or bus services into the city.  Teresa and Hugh made us feel like we were staying with family.531 Teresa and her husband are a wonderful and warm couple! The apartment is great, you feel like at home and the atmosphere was great because Teresa treated us really well. The location is perfect and thanks to all the information and tips from Teresa you can experience Dublin from its best side! If we go back to Ireland or Dublin, then one hundred percent to Teresa! <br/><br/>ps<br/><br/>leaving and love you, Teresa532 Great place to stay if you want the experience of a local.533 Very welcoming home and kind hosts. We had a very good stay and enjoyed our time at Teresa's home.534 A very cozy little house and the bed heaters were just the thing after the rain.Unfortunately it is a little outside, so about 15 minutes ride on the train and then run for another 10 minutes.But the train rides very often.It was also great that the breakfast could be made from the things made available. <br/> Unfortunately we had a room right next to the bathroom where you could hear everyone and the ventilation was always onAnd loud.Especially when people start at 6 in the morning, it's not so pleasant. <br/> But the rooms are super cozy and everything was wonderfully clean.535 Welcoming and flexible host. Nice stay in Dublin.536 Lovely couple, who took good care of us. We really had a pleasant stay in Dublin.537 Teresa and her husband were extremely hospitable.Even before our trip we received important and helpful recommendations.The house is small, but very comfortably furnished.538 Comfortable, clean and illuminated room.Full bathroom, clean and well equipped.Kitchen with everything you need for a rich breakfast.539 Would 10/10 recommend Teresa’s place if you are going to Dublin! A 20 minute tram ride into the city centre, located in a beautiful neighbourhood. Teresa was thoughtful, quick to respond and always available for anything we needed - a truly lovely host.540 Staying at Teresa's was like staying with family...she was s wonderful hostess!!<br/>When visiting Ireland again will definitely choose Teresa's cozy Irish cottage!541 All was wonderful. All the details were present and we had a really good stay in Ireland. The place is really calm and Teresa and her husband were really friendly with us at every moment542 Teresa's space is very comfortable, extremely clean, and very cozy. <br/>It was my first week in Dublin and I had only good experiences. Close to the house there are some pubs, and a shopping center with two malls. The train station is 10 minutes walking distance and there is a bus stop in front of the house. Teresa and her husband are kind and very special people, they did everything to make us feel at home, starting with a good hot tea when we arrived.<br/><br/>Highly recommend the stay. : )543 Amazing, warm, gracious hosts!544 The airbnb was perfect, with an amazing breakfast, they were really simphatic and with a great hospitality, giving advises and everything to a great days, I really recommend545 Teresa and Hugh were so nice and helpful. Teresa sent us information about buses and trams before we arrived, so we knew exactly how to get to their house and how to get around Dublin. I would recommend a stay here.546 Very happy with my stay over the weekend. Went for longitude only really there for sleep but lovely hosts very friendly with great comfortable rooms. Would definitely stay again.547 We stayed in this wonderful Dublin apartment for a week. All communication went great and the apartment was as advertised. Mick and Lorne were very helpful and assisted with any questions we had. The location is perfect, since you can walk to the city center in 20 min. Highly recommended! Anytime again!548 We really appreciate Mick & Dee making their beautiful flat available to us.  They weren't there in person, but their friend Lorna was incredibly friendly and helpful.  The place is beautiful (the fact that they are both designers really shows in their choice of decor).  The internet connection was rock solid (which is a huge plus, because I work online and the kids homeschool online).  There are several buses to the city center that leave about every 10 minutes and are about a 2-3 minute walk.  Mick & Dee left wine and chocolate, very comfortable beds, and even an Apple TV at our disposal!  <br/><br/>I can't say enough positive things -- stay here if you can!549 Mick & Dee's place was fantastic; spacious, clean and had all the comforts of home. We stayed for four nights and after seven days travelling we were happy to be able to rest comfortably. Mick was quick to respond and organized for a lovely friend to meet us and settle us in. Thanks for having us!550 We had a really great stay at Mick & Dee's, Lorna was super friendly and super helpful, it couldn't have been any better! The house is so much bigger than it appears on the photos, and their couch is like the most comfortable couch in the word!551 The appartment was really nice and clean, it is exactly as it looks in the pictures! Everything we needed was there, and then some more. It's a quiet neighborhood and in walking distance of the city, as well as the trainstation. For us it was perfect: we could explore the city, make trips outside town, etc. There were five of us, so it was very comfortable to have two bathrooms. Lorna met us with the key. She was very friendly and helpful. And it was very nice to hear from Mick every now and then, to see if we needed anything. The hospitality was great and we felt very welcome. I would definately recommend this appartment!552 Fantastic stay! My husband and I were here for the first leg of our 2-week roadtrip through Ireland and it was an ideal place to start our trip. <br/><br/>We did not have the opportunity to meet Mick and Dee, but their friend Lorna was there to greet us and was very helpful.  Mick was also very present and communicative via email as our trip date approached. <br/><br/>Their place was spacious, clean, and stocked with everything we could possibly need.  It was a beautiful apartment!  We didn't have our rental car yet but we didn't bother taking the bus - it was only a 15 minute walk to the city center.  Apparently the neighborhood is a little rougher than what you'd see south of the River Liffey, but we didn't really notice too much.  <br/><br/>Overall - a great stay and we definitely recommend Mick and Dee's place.553 Mick and Dee's place was a great place to stay while we were in Dublin. It looks just how it does in the pictures and is only a 15 minute walk to the city centre. Their friend helped us get settled in on our first day so we knew the ins and outs of the house, plus Mick was easy to get ahold of if we had any questions and was always quick to respond. We highly recommned their place, as it was beautiful, clean, and comfy!554 We spent 4 days in Dublin and it was a very good stay, very quiet.  This house is very cute, exactly as described. The access to the city is very quick with buses (30 m) and Dublinbikes (10'). Everything was ok, including quick internet access.555 We stayed at Mick & Dee's house for three nights and it was perfect!  The bus stop to downtown is steps away and we were able to come and go easily.  The neighborhood is quiet which is exactly what we needed after three days and evenings of enjoying downtown Dublin.  We are runners and found the trail beyond Fairview Park and along Clontarf Road, along the water.  The house is exactly as it appears in the pictures and we would stay there again.556 You will probably never find another place that truly lives up to its photos. Mick & Dee's place was stunning, spacious, accessible and made my stay in Dublin unforgettable. It is fantastically located and was a joy to stay in. Mick was easily contactable and endeavoured to make my stay as comfortable as possible. I will be back for sure!557 The house is very pretty and with all the comforts.Mike and Dee left us chocolates and came as a gift.It is an excellent place to stay in Dublin about 20 minutes from the center walk and with many buses that pass a meters from the house.558 Highly recommended!559 The hosts were great at communicating, excellent detail about the facilities in the house and the area. Lots of maps and leaflets to help with local attractions. Great location, comfortable rooms, and an excellent breakfast in the nearby cafe. say no more560 Just lovely!<br/><br/>Mick & Dee’s place is awesome! They have a loving and very unique home decoration, so much space and everything you need to feel home. They were our first hosts on airbnb, so friendly and nice and they helped us with everything. <br/><br/>Nicest home to stay in Dublin!<br/>Thank you so much<br/>x561 Great house, a real Dublin holiday haven. Thanks Mick and Dee for your thoughtfulness and organisation. Thanks Sinead for meeting and greeting us and the loan of the travel cot and highchair. Sue Roy and Katy and Henry Garcia, Sydney.562 Great experience.  Cool place in a "real" neighborhood.  We enjoyed being just outside of the tourist hustle and bustle.  This location would also be awesome if you were coming to Croke park for an event.  <br/><br/>The hosts were top notch, they had every angle covered in a very professional way.<br/><br/>The space, in our opinion, was like a hipster palace, with a portland vibe.  If you like the pictures, you will like the space.  We would happily stay here again.563 Great people to work with and a stellar place. Everything was great. They went out of the way to make it awesome. Will always go back.564 My wife and I (in our 70s) and two granddaughters (15, 16) stayed at Mick and Dee's house in Dublin for 9 nights. Their place was a terrific find, and we were all very happy there. There are two bathrooms (good with teenaged girls) and two bedrooms. The kitchen was well-furnished, with dishwasher and laundry machine. It is in north-central Dublin and great for the buses (just around the corner). It was very quiet and we all slept well. In addition Mick and Dee left lots of useful information for us, and when we had questions we emailed them and received prompt responses. All in all, this house is great for a stay in Dublin and we highly recommend it. If I were going there again I would rent the same place again.565 We had a wonderful weekend at Dee & Mick's home! The decoration is the heart warming work of two highly creative people (secret AirBnB rule: always look for creative people's houses). It's in a quiet neighbourhood a 20 min walk or 10 min bus drive from the center. Busses go every couple of minutes.. If you're a runner like we are it's just 10 minutes to Clontarf promenade. <br/><br/>Oh, Dee and Mick are fabulous hosts, you can feel their passion for AirBnB from the first message on. <br/><br/>Next time we're in Dublin, we'd love to stay again with Dee and Mick. Thanks for having us!566 Mick & Dee were fantastic hosts!  This was my first experience with AirBnB and the first time I (and my co-travelers) visited Dublin, so we weren't sure what to expect.  They were great and kept in constant communication with us, answering all of my (many, many) questions thoroughly and quickly leading up to the trip.  They were completely flexible with us about the sleeping situation, our arrival and departure time, and anything else we asked.  They also gave us some fantastic recommendations for our time in Dublin.  Their hospitality was certainly one of the highlights of the trip.<br/><br/>The place was perfect for three people, a LOT of room and different areas to the house.  This was nice for privacy and relaxing while not out exploring the city.  The place is about a 20 minute walk into town, which was fairly easy.  We never used public transportation, and simply walked everywhere with few complaints.  <br/><br/>The place was also very clean and super hospitable.  They were quick to answer questions for us while we were staying, including how and when to grab a taxi to the airport and how to leave the place.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for an authentic Dublin experience, not only because the accommodations were great but also because Mick & Dee were so helpful and gracious.567 This was my first time using Airbnb and I could not have been more impressed with the experience. Mick and Dee were incredible hosts with a fantastic home to boot. The house comfortably catered for five people and was very close to local amenities and the city centre. We'll be using Airbnb again and we'll definitely be going back to Mick and Dee's place when we are next in Dublin!568 Mick and Dee are excellent hosts. Even though they weren't in the house during our stay, Mick was there to greet us on the day of our arrival, and immediately made us feel very welcome.<br/><br/>The house was large and very comfortable for 2 people — it's as good as it looks in the photos! There is a large Mac in the dining room that ended up super useful for email and looking things up. Mick and Dee have also put together a great collection of materials outlining what to do in Dublin. They also have two cards for the Dublin bike system, which was so great! Biking was the best way to get around and see the city.<br/><br/>Communication with these two was a breeze. They use the mobile app and were very easy to communicate with. The listing is a 20-30 minute walk from the downtown, which wasn't doable everyday, but is easily accessible by cab and bus. The neighborhood supposedly isn't the best according to cab drivers, but we had no problems whatsoever.<br/><br/>Overall, I would highly recommend this home to future Dublin travelers! Mick and Dee are good vibin' people and we were glad to be their guests. They are great examples of Irish hospitality.569 MOST amazing hosts ever. The place is amazing and the location is perfect. Our flight was delayed 7 hours and we were having a horrible travel day but Mick made it all better by picking us up from the airport. He was so helpful in giving us the must do's for our short trip. I really felt like I was staying at a friends place.The location is a 10 min walk from city centre where we hopped on to a hoho green bus and were able to explore Dublin. Taxi's were really easy to catch also which only took 2 mins and cost 6 euros which is totally worth it to be a bit further from the mayhem of city centre.  The best part of the whole trip was coming back to their place. Its super homey and clean!! They left a box of pamphlets and travel chargers which is so thoughtful.  I would only stay here next time I'm in Dublin. I couldn't wait to write this review to let everyone know how amazing this place is !570 Mick and Dee were the perfect hosts they made us feel right at home as soon as we arrived. We stayed down for the all Ireland football final weekend and the house is in the perfect location for Croke park, Bayview avenue is literally across the road from the entrance to the Cusack stand. The stay at the house was excellent we had everything we could ask for and it was so spacious and comfortable even with the full capacity of 6 guests and our hosts were excellent as in feeling like we where trusted with there property but at the same time they where just a call away if we needed all in all it was a great stay and we will defiantly be booking again and would recommend to anyone as they are great accommodating hosts. <br/><br/>Thanks again folks571 This is the best airbnb experience I have every had, hands down. The friendliest of hosts - they made us feel so welcome on our first trip to Dublin and we coudn't be more grateful. That was the icing on the cake though because the bungalow was absolutely gorgeous. Lots of space and very comfortable. We'll be back to Dublin and staying againg!572 Mick and Dee were the most wonderful hosts. They made us feel so welcome. We immediately felt at home and they put in that extra effort to make sure we all felt at ease and confortable. We came to run the marathon and they thought of the smallest detail, including great breakfast supplies so we would be full of energy. I cannot say enough good things about our experience in Dublin. I would suggest Mick and Dees home to anyone wishing to visit this wonderful city!573 We had a wonderful stay at the home of Mick & Dee! They gave us a warm welcome and gave us some good advice about Dublin and places to go. We would defenitely recommend this AirBnB to everybody.574 Highly recommended.  Mick and Dee were very friendly and welcoming, and the flat was clean, spacious and comfortable.  Everything just as described.  Just a 5 minute / 10 euro cab ride to the city centre (plus public transport options that we didn't use as there were four of us).  Would definitely use again!  Thanks for helping us have a great weekend in Dublin.575 Mick and Dee were fantastic hosts. We were given an exceptionally warm welcome and encouraged to feel at home immediately. The house itself is beautiful with terrific prints and arty touches throughout. We loved our Dublin stay. Thanks very much Mick and Dee!576 We had a greate trip to Dublin and the accommodation was definitely one of the reasons for that. The house was very nice and clean. The interrior was well designed and Mick & Dee were very kind. I would highly recommend this facility and the hosts :-)577 We received enough information from Mick and Dee in advance to get there. We were warmly welcomed on arrival.Explanation and information about the apartment and about the area was fine.The apartment was also very nice in a Christmas atmosphere.The Christmas tree was not missing either.Very cozy and a very nice couple who mick and dee.We stayed with 6 people for which the apartment is very suitable.Were allowed to use everything.Also everything that was available in the kitchen and drink.A regional tinted welcome package was also included.<br/> Mick and Dee thank you very much that we were allowed to use your apartment.578 We spent a great time in Dublin. Mick is a pleasant host, not intrusive but always available if needed.<br/>The flat is nice and it has everything you need ; 3 bedrooms and two bathrooms = the top .<br/>It's also very well placed , it's ideal for exploring the center of Dublin , there is a bus stop not even a minute away , taxis pass frequently and it takes less than 10 minutes walk to the center.<br/>I highly recommend for your stays in Dublin.<br/>Mick, thank you :)<br/><br/>(I hope my English is understandable )579 Mick and Dee where very responsive and helpful from the very start of the reservation to the very end!! They provided us tons of helpful information on restaurants, pubs, transportation and anything else we needed. We got in very early and they were so kind to meet us and let us drop off our bags. They provided breakfast food for us, wine, coffee and so much more. The house was so cute, comfortable and the perfect size for our group of 6. Great location, easy to get into town, would highly recommend if your looking for a house and a place in Dublin.  Thanks Mick and Dee, it was deadly!!! Cheers!580 This was my first Airbnb experience, and Mick and Dee have set the bar extremely high! They put me at ease, right from the first email response and answered every question I had and in an extremely quick fashion.  <br/><br/>We arrived in Dublin very early in the morning, around 7am.  Mick was already there waiting for us at the house, which is hugely appreciated after traveling all night across a 5 hour time difference.  He even helped with the bags (actually, he did pretty much all the work) and made us coffee.  They checked in throughout the trip, and even offered to drop by the house to help with a few things if necessary (not necessary, but again, the effort is appreciated).<br/><br/>The house itself was exactly as pictured and described.  We loved their fun decor! Everything was clean, the beds were comfortable, and there was ample space to unpack and settle in.  We didn’t end up cooking, but it looked like we would have had everything we needed.  They welcomed us to use whatever they had, and it was an easy to walk to several stores for anything else.  I forgot to pack electrical adapters, but there were several provided, along with tons of maps and guidebooks and suggestions.  The location was convenient for walking to the city center and train stations, and bus stops were practically outside the door.  It was peaceful and quiet, but provided easy access to all the action.  Our cab driver from the airport had a little difficulty finding it, so just make sure you have directions ready!<br/><br/>Thank you, Mick and Dee, for a wonderful experience!  I would not hesitate to book with you again or to recommend you to friends!  Sorry we brought the snow with us!<br/>581 we spent a wonderful journey in Dublin<br/>and Mick and Dee were very nice; their flat was so adapted to our need. it's perfect582 Mick was waiting for us & gave a warm welcome. He gave us a full tour & explained everything with a few useful local tips which we made full use of. The cottage was as described and meet our needs perfectly. Everything worked as it should & the cottage was really well equipped.583 It was our first Airbnb experience and it was completely successful!<br/><br/> Even if we arrived late on Friday evening, Mick was waiting for us and welcomed us warmly!<br/><br/> He immediately put us at ease and explained to us the operation of the various equipment of his accommodation.<br/><br/> The accommodation was fully in line with our expectations and the description of the website.<br/><br/> We spent 3 great days in Dublin largely thanks to this accommodation!<br/><br/> Thank you very much Mick & Dee584 Lovely place, lovely hosts !! My friends and I really enjoyed our stay : we stayed there for 3 night and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.<br/>First Airbnb experience and thanks to Mick & Dee it’s been a real success !<br/>The place was exactly like the description and pictures. Very clean, modern, and functional. We had everything we needed.<br/>They were in touch at all times if needed. Thanks to them for their wealth of information and tips !<br/>Location is good, 20 min walk to the center.<br/>Would love to return next time I’m in Dublin!585 The apmt we rented from Mick & Dee was exactly like in the description - more than meets the eye. <br/>A very beautiful place to stay in a fantastic city. It made our trip even better than we expected it to be.<br/>Thanks a lot again for the hospitality!586 Beautiful house.<br/> carefully decorated<br/> Comfortable beds<br/> Quiet area close to the city center587 Mick and Dee are great hosts.  Everything that could be done to make us feel welcome and at home was taken care of.  The house is well located for city centre and airport transfer.  It’s comfortable and clean, the kitchen is well equipped, there’s plenty of linens and hot water and all the info you need to arrive and make use of your base is easy to hand.  We had a toddler and car in tow so the parking space outside the door made a huge difference.  Would be happy to recommend it and would definitely stay there again.588 We had the best time in Mick and Dee's lovely cottage! Welcomed by a friend of theirs, we found a bottle of wine and sweets waiting for us on the table  - not to speak of the very helpful welcome package, equipped with maps and everything else we might have needed. A lot of thought had been put into every little detail all around the house to make their guests feel welcome and comfortable at all times. A short walk into town, yet in a quiet neighborhood, even the location was fantastic. Wish we could have stayed longer! Dear Mick and Dee, thank you very much again for having us in your home. We enjoyed staying there very much and had a very great time in Dublin!589 Mike and Dee have a wonderful apartment in Dublin. It was warm and inviting. We had everything we needed and more. The space was ample and comfortable for our family of five. The location was central to everything in Dublin and exploring the city was easy by foot or local transport. Our communications with mike and dee were easy and prompt. We could not have asked for better hosts and will most definitely be back to Ireland to stay with them again!590 Great place, great hosts.<br/>The house is well located, one block from bus stops and a 20 minutes walk to city center if you don't mind walking. <br/>You will find a lot of tips and info about Dublin and Ireland provided by Mick and Dee. Follow the tips, they have very good taste, no regrets.<br/>Fully equipped kitchen, fast WiFi.<br/>Great bedrooms.591 Great house and location. We didn't actually get to meet Mick and Dee as they were away (although we emailed in advance and had all our queries answered before we arrived) but we were met by their very amiable friend Dan on arrival - he showed us where everything was, the rooms were a great size and house well equipped. Only a short walk to town and tram stop about 5 mins away of that was preferable. All in all fantastic hosts and city!592 Even before I booked the trip Mick and Dee were eager to provide suggestions for things to do during my stay. They really went out of their way to accommodate me and the place was spectacular. I will definitely be referring them to my friends and family.593 Mick & Dee are the perfect hosts... So much so, it felt as though we were staying in a friends pad! The house is lovely & Mick & Dee made sure that we had everything we needed to ensure we had the perfect stay!  <br/><br/>Situated just a short distance from the centre of Dublin, with parking- perfect! We will most definitely be returning to Dublin & would love to stay there again......if they will have us !!!594 My friends and I had a great time at Mick & Dee's! The flat is exactly as described and as it appears on the photos, it was really lovely and clean and very homely. 5 of us were in Dublin for just a couple of days but the flat was so cosy that we didn't go out until the afternoon, we just enjoyed hanging out in the very comfortable living room using the great wifi and getting a bit of sun in the garden. Mick and Dee were really helpful before, during and after our stay and made sure we had everything we needed, down to a welcome pack and welcome box crammed full of advice on the flat and things to do in Dublin, and a bottle of wine and a box of chocolates to greet us. They were away when we arrived so had asked their friend Dan to meet us and make sure we got in and found everything. Thanks to all three of you, we had a great time!595 We had a fantastic stay at Mick & Dee's. The apartment was clean and modern, a really large space. They provided everything you'd need, down to sleep masks! Communication was really easy and they were super helpful. Totally recommend!596 Mick & Dee were excellent hosts.  Their flat was perfect for our trip.  Clean, comfortable, and welcoming.  Very central, within walking distance to everything.  We appreciated the treats, and all of the tips they provided.  I would definitely recommend this place for a respectful traveller looking for a home base.597 A group of 5 of us stayed at Mick & Dee's for 5 days at the end of November 2015. We were in town from Canada for the World Kettlebell Lifting Championships at DCU. <br/><br/>From the get go, Mick was OUTSTANDING to deal with. Prompt responses, always friendly, and super accommodating. We arrived at 0600 on the first day and Mick was at the house to warmly greet us with our choosing of wine or tea (we needed the wine after 24 hours of travel!).  Yes that's right...wine at 0600. Don't judge.598 We had a great time at Mick and Dees home. They were extremely helpful at any time, always fast responding, the house was clean and very comfortable to stay in. I would recommend anyone to stay at their place! Thanks again to the two of you it was a blast!599 What a wonderful space!  Mick and Dee certainly know how to make a room feel welcoming.  Everything was as described.<br/><br/>Several small groceries and a lovely park within walking distance, as well as a spectacular little Italian restaurant across the street.  My family enjoyed our stay in this hidden gem, though my wife will warn you that the front door locks behind you as she found out when our daughter pulled it shut.600 Our thanks to Gary who met us on our arrival. The house is well equipped and provided everything we needed. It's in a good location, groceries available close by and within a comfortable walking distance to the centre of Dublin. The bus is also near by, just at the end of the street. Mick and Dee were quick to respond to any questions.601 Our stay was excellent! Check in was convenient and very informative.  The host gave great recommendations for restaurants.  The house location is very close to downtown. The house exceeds all expectations!602 Very clever spacious house slightly outside the Dublin city center. We enjoyed our stay here and had plenty of room for our family of 5.603 Mick & Dee's place was lovely for my family of 5. We fit  comfortably in their house. Since we were on a road trip, it was a bonus that their place was accessible to the main highways and city center. There were ample of space to park along the street we lived. For those who needs to use the bus, fret not, the bus station is just outside of the house.<br/><br/>Although we didn't get to meet Mick and Dee, their friend, Gary, helped us settled in and answered all our queries promptly. We really appreciate that. <br/><br/>Thanks again for letting your space to us.  We enjoyed our stay!604 We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Mick and Dee’s place.  The house, complete with unique contemporary design pieces, is fully self-contained and had everything we needed.  It’s situated in a great location; quiet street, easy public transport access (bus stop across the street), short 15 mins walk to the centre of Dublin, 20 mins to the airport.<br/><br/>Mick and Dee were travelling when we stayed, however their friend Gary was there to meet and greet us and on-hand throughout our stay to answer any questions and provide a range of food and drink recommendations.<br/><br/>With three bedrooms and two bathrooms, Mick and Dee’s place is great for couples travelling together or small families.<br/>605 Commincation was excellent and made themselves available at a suitable arrival time for ourselves. Accommodation was ideal for 6 adults sharing for weekend and was exactly as described! Was about 15-20minute walk to center or 10-15euro taxi to temple bar area.. Overall a great stay and definitely recommended!606 We had a great time at Mick & Dee's place, we were 3 couples so it was the perfect size for us. The location is great as you can walk into Dublin centre in 15 mins or a taxi is good value too. The hosts were helpful and quick to answer questions before we arrived. Gary was welcoming and helpful during our stay. The house is lovely and great as a base to the explore to Dublin and further.607 We had a lovely stay at Mick and Dees! It was conveniently located within walking distance of City Center ( if you don't mind a longer walk!) and there are also convenient buses nearby. They also give access to their bike cards if you're interested in biking! The layout was perfect for my group of 6 (three couples). We loved the long table and enjoyed take out from the nearby restaurant Da Mimmo! Also supermarkets and laundry nearby. Mick and Dee were thoughtful to leave maps and a printed guide to help us with our questions about the house and getting around the city! We loved it! Thank you!608 The house is generally good, but the bath water in the bathroom is relatively small. There is a bath room in a bathroom.609 The apartment exudes a certain charm due to its furnishings.You feel comfortable.It is ideal for four to six people.The mattresses are comfortable, not too hard and not too soft.WiFi can be used free of charge after entering the password.Radio and satellite TV are part of the equipment as well as a hair holder.The kitchen has a microwave as an extra.<br/><br/> From the apartment to the city center of Dublin you need between 15 and 20 minutes.<br/>610 Helpful before and during the trip.<br/>Nice place, everything you would need was there.<br/>Loads of tips on what to do/where to go.611 Fiona is a very friendly hostess, she waited for us in the house although we arrived with a considerable delay and even provided a breakfast package with milk, butter and eggs.<br/>The house was perfect for us: clean and well equipped. It is situated in a quiet neighbourhood, but the city center of Dublin can easily be reached by public transport or even on foot.<br/><br/>Thanks for your patience and a great home away from home, Fiona!612 Everything was ok613 Fiona is very welcoming and had even purchased some staples like butter, milk, eggs and cookies, which was very nice. She gave us a quick tour and showed us through the house.  Very clean with plenty of towels. There's also a computer printer. It is a quiet neighborhood.<br/>But if you're older, the walk to the bus isn't a short stroll. <br/>Only drawback was the description stated there is a clothes dryer but you can only hang your clothes in the yard as there is no dryer.614 Fiona's home was very clean and cosy. It's only a few minutes to Dublin city centre and Howth, with easy access by train or bus. Clontarf itself is great for walks with beautiful views of bull island, Howth, Dublin docks and the iconic pool beg towers along the coast. There are plenty  of shops, restaurants and healthy food cafés all within walking distance. Fiona was a great host, going through everything with you beforehand. She also left the essentials like bread, milk and cereal and is available by phone if you have any questions.615 Our visit to Dublin at Fiona's house was wonderful. The home was in a great location - walking distance to great restaurants and grocery stores, and buses to downtown Dublin.<br/><br/>Great notes on things to do. The house was perfect, with a nice kitchen and very comfy beds, and a gas fire for the stormy evenings.  Fiona was incredibly kind and flexible on our checkout.616 Fiona was a fantastic host who welcomed us, showed us around and was available if we needed her. Accomodation was as described and very comfortable and well maintained. The neighbourhood was great as everything was within easy access. We would absolutely recommend Fiona and her Dublin home for anyone wanting to experience Ireland.617 Fiona met up upon our arrival as planned. She had a bag of goodies and lots of information on paper regarding the house. (We went back to these papers many times, very helpful). She  let us come in early in the morning and showed us around to make things easier. I had a great time in Ireland and it was nice to come back and relax in your own Town house. Love the beds, and its very quiet.... Thanks again...618 The flat was so lovely , conveniently and safely located. Beds were big and comfortable to sleep even 5. New bathroom and kitchen. Living areas were big enough to lounge around. My family loved come "home" after a long day in Dublin .619 Fabulous home at a great location for experiencing all that Dublin has to offer!!!<br/><br/>Fiona was the best host for our trip and provided all we needed to make this a memorable holiday for myself and my family. <br/><br/>The home was spacious and extremely well equipped for our visit and even when we got lost getting there Fiona was ready and available to help us find our way to our home away from home.  Excellent value for staying in an extremely popular location with ready access on the DART to downtown but with the privacy to come home to.  <br/><br/>I would recommend this property and this host to anyone looking to be in the area and wanted a place that could accommodate a family or friends traveling to Dublin.620 Fiona is a lovely host. Fiona was always available if we needed her. She met us as planned and had purchased milk, butter, eggs and cereals. She also provided information about Dublin / the house and the neighbourhood. It's a quite and safe neighbourhood and only a short walk to the bus stop, which takes you directly into the city centre. If you plan on staying longer than just for a city trip, just like we did for more than three weeks, it's the perfect stay to explore Dublin and surroundings.  <br/>At the end of our stay, Fiona offered us to bring back the empty bottles, which we were very thankful for!621 Everything was perfect.  A very nice location that was very close to the water and in a very nice and quiet neighborhood.  Everything was very comfortable and there wasn't anything we didn't need.622 He was a very cordial and pending person at all times of our needs.The housing is comfortable and is located in a quiet place.Nearby there is a pleasant sea walk and the environment is cozy without the feeling of overwhelm of the city.Very kind people.Fiona made us feel at home.Thanks Fiona¡¡¡623 A lovely attached house, totally recommended for a family.We could not know Fiona personally, but she was fully available and helping us in everything we could specify, an exceptional nfriter. <br/> It was a success for us the choice of Fiona's house.We thought that it was going to be a handicap its distance from the center of Dublin, but in the end its location location was perfect for us having rented car, since in the long run you are more interested in knowing places in Ireland or nearby towns such as Howth or Malahide that Cerarte in Dublin.The house, and Fiona makes you feel home.624 Fiona is a very friendly amphitation.Super retailer.The house is spectacular.He has advised and helped us both in the city, as in the choice of the Summer Camp of our son, etc.When we arrived as soon as he left the taxi, his neighbor Marta was to show us the house and give us the keys.He left us a bottle of wine, breakfast bread, butter, eggs, etc.Everything you need for a very pleasant stay.We advise 100%625 Particularly kind welcome;The house is in a very pleasant neighborhood, well served by buses and urban train;It is also very quiet and comfortable.Fiona has always been very helpful and welcoming.626 Very good accommodation with a very good situation and in a good neighborhood, quiet and respectful.Well communicated a few minutes from the center.Without a doubt, it is our accommodation in Dublin.627 Fiona went the extra mile to make our stay easy and pleasant, from providing a cot for our baby to dropping off some bread, milk and eggs for our arrival. She was always attentive and never intrusive. The house has everything you could possibly need and is superbly located in a beautiful seaside suburb close to all amenities and the city centre. We would definitely stay again and recommend it to anyone looking for a home away from home in Dublin!628 We stayed 5 weeks and we had a great time. The Bus stop was close and the environment was very nice. Fiona was helpful at any time <br/>Everything was clean and we even had something for our first breakfast.<br/>Thank you !629 Great host, made sure everything was ready and was there if we needed anything. Had welcoming snacks ready! Great location, near a bus stop, the sea and clontarf castle. We loved our stay and would recommend Fiona to anyone!630 Loved how it was located in a little town close to Dublin but it had it's own charm that took a whole day to enjoy! Great communication whenever we reached out and was kind enough to allow an early check-in! Would highly recommend to anyone else looking to visit Dublin :)631 Very friends and provided everything we could have possibly needed. In addition to anticipating needs, she provided wonderful al instant responses to every question/request.632 This a wonderful spacious place to stay if you are looking for a space of your own while in Dublin. It's away from the city centre so you do have to use taxis or transit to get to and from but it's only about a 15 min ride. The place is very clean. Fiona consistently checks in with you before you and arrive and during to make sure you have everything you need. The amenities were easy to use and the beds were very comfortable. Highly recommend!633 This house was perfect for our family of four to stay in Dublin for 9 days. With plenty of space for all of us, a well-equipped kitchen, and a lovely neighbourhood, we couldn't have asked for more. Fiona was always quick, helpful and friendly in her communication and made us feel very welcome. We appreciated having breakfast items already on hand and I loved the coffee machine! Clontarf is a great part of Dublin - beachside and close to the city, but also Northside where our family is. We would definitely recommend this as great family accommodation and will be spreading the word!634 Fiona provides great info on the area grocery stores, taxi to and from airport and lots of info in unit on places to see. Bus was very convenient to Dublin as advertised. Unit was very comfortable for 4 adults and lots of living space with wonderful enclosed dining area in back. Food staples in unit were especially appreciated. Really enjoyed our visit.552 Fantastic stay! My husband and I were here for the first leg of our 2-week roadtrip through Ireland and it was an ideal place to start our trip. <br/><br/>We did not have the opportunity to meet Mick and Dee, but their friend Lorna was there to greet us and was very helpful.  Mick was also very present and communicative via email as our trip date approached. <br/><br/>Their place was spacious, clean, and stocked with everything we could possibly need.  It was a beautiful apartment!  We didn't have our rental car yet but we didn't bother taking the bus - it was only a 15 minute walk to the city center.  Apparently the neighborhood is a little rougher than what you'd see south of the River Liffey, but we didn't really notice too much.  <br/><br/>Overall - a great stay and we definitely recommend Mick and Dee's place.553 Mick and Dee's place was a great place to stay while we were in Dublin. It looks just how it does in the pictures and is only a 15 minute walk to the city centre. Their friend helped us get settled in on our first day so we knew the ins and outs of the house, plus Mick was easy to get ahold of if we had any questions and was always quick to respond. We highly recommned their place, as it was beautiful, clean, and comfy!554 We spent 4 days in Dublin and it was a very good stay, very quiet.  This house is very cute, exactly as described. The access to the city is very quick with buses (30 m) and Dublinbikes (10'). Everything was ok, including quick internet access.555 We stayed at Mick & Dee's house for three nights and it was perfect!  The bus stop to downtown is steps away and we were able to come and go easily.  The neighborhood is quiet which is exactly what we needed after three days and evenings of enjoying downtown Dublin.  We are runners and found the trail beyond Fairview Park and along Clontarf Road, along the water.  The house is exactly as it appears in the pictures and we would stay there again.556 You will probably never find another place that truly lives up to its photos. Mick & Dee's place was stunning, spacious, accessible and made my stay in Dublin unforgettable. It is fantastically located and was a joy to stay in. Mick was easily contactable and endeavoured to make my stay as comfortable as possible. I will be back for sure!557 The house is very pretty and with all the comforts.Mike and Dee left us chocolates and came as a gift.It is an excellent place to stay in Dublin about 20 minutes from the center walk and with many buses that pass a meters from the house.558 Highly recommended!559 The hosts were great at communicating, excellent detail about the facilities in the house and the area. Lots of maps and leaflets to help with local attractions. Great location, comfortable rooms, and an excellent breakfast in the nearby cafe. say no more560 Just lovely!<br/><br/>Mick & Dee’s place is awesome! They have a loving and very unique home decoration, so much space and everything you need to feel home. They were our first hosts on airbnb, so friendly and nice and they helped us with everything. <br/><br/>Nicest home to stay in Dublin!<br/>Thank you so much<br/>x561 Great house, a real Dublin holiday haven. Thanks Mick and Dee for your thoughtfulness and organisation. Thanks Sinead for meeting and greeting us and the loan of the travel cot and highchair. Sue Roy and Katy and Henry Garcia, Sydney.562 Great experience.  Cool place in a "real" neighborhood.  We enjoyed being just outside of the tourist hustle and bustle.  This location would also be awesome if you were coming to Croke park for an event.  <br/><br/>The hosts were top notch, they had every angle covered in a very professional way.<br/><br/>The space, in our opinion, was like a hipster palace, with a portland vibe.  If you like the pictures, you will like the space.  We would happily stay here again.563 Great people to work with and a stellar place. Everything was great. They went out of the way to make it awesome. Will always go back.564 My wife and I (in our 70s) and two granddaughters (15, 16) stayed at Mick and Dee's house in Dublin for 9 nights. Their place was a terrific find, and we were all very happy there. There are two bathrooms (good with teenaged girls) and two bedrooms. The kitchen was well-furnished, with dishwasher and laundry machine. It is in north-central Dublin and great for the buses (just around the corner). It was very quiet and we all slept well. In addition Mick and Dee left lots of useful information for us, and when we had questions we emailed them and received prompt responses. All in all, this house is great for a stay in Dublin and we highly recommend it. If I were going there again I would rent the same place again.565 We had a wonderful weekend at Dee & Mick's home! The decoration is the heart warming work of two highly creative people (secret AirBnB rule: always look for creative people's houses). It's in a quiet neighbourhood a 20 min walk or 10 min bus drive from the center. Busses go every couple of minutes.. If you're a runner like we are it's just 10 minutes to Clontarf promenade. <br/><br/>Oh, Dee and Mick are fabulous hosts, you can feel their passion for AirBnB from the first message on. <br/><br/>Next time we're in Dublin, we'd love to stay again with Dee and Mick. Thanks for having us!566 Mick & Dee were fantastic hosts!  This was my first experience with AirBnB and the first time I (and my co-travelers) visited Dublin, so we weren't sure what to expect.  They were great and kept in constant communication with us, answering all of my (many, many) questions thoroughly and quickly leading up to the trip.  They were completely flexible with us about the sleeping situation, our arrival and departure time, and anything else we asked.  They also gave us some fantastic recommendations for our time in Dublin.  Their hospitality was certainly one of the highlights of the trip.<br/><br/>The place was perfect for three people, a LOT of room and different areas to the house.  This was nice for privacy and relaxing while not out exploring the city.  The place is about a 20 minute walk into town, which was fairly easy.  We never used public transportation, and simply walked everywhere with few complaints.  <br/><br/>The place was also very clean and super hospitable.  They were quick to answer questions for us while we were staying, including how and when to grab a taxi to the airport and how to leave the place.  I would recommend this place to anyone looking for an authentic Dublin experience, not only because the accommodations were great but also because Mick & Dee were so helpful and gracious.567 This was my first time using Airbnb and I could not have been more impressed with the experience. Mick and Dee were incredible hosts with a fantastic home to boot. The house comfortably catered for five people and was very close to local amenities and the city centre. We'll be using Airbnb again and we'll definitely be going back to Mick and Dee's place when we are next in Dublin!568 Mick and Dee are excellent hosts. Even though they weren't in the house during our stay, Mick was there to greet us on the day of our arrival, and immediately made us feel very welcome.<br/><br/>The house was large and very comfortable for 2 people — it's as good as it looks in the photos! There is a large Mac in the dining room that ended up super useful for email and looking things up. Mick and Dee have also put together a great collection of materials outlining what to do in Dublin. They also have two cards for the Dublin bike system, which was so great! Biking was the best way to get around and see the city.<br/><br/>Communication with these two was a breeze. They use the mobile app and were very easy to communicate with. The listing is a 20-30 minute walk from the downtown, which wasn't doable everyday, but is easily accessible by cab and bus. The neighborhood supposedly isn't the best according to cab drivers, but we had no problems whatsoever.<br/><br/>Overall, I would highly recommend this home to future Dublin travelers! Mick and Dee are good vibin' people and we were glad to be their guests. They are great examples of Irish hospitality.569 MOST amazing hosts ever. The place is amazing and the location is perfect. Our flight was delayed 7 hours and we were having a horrible travel day but Mick made it all better by picking us up from the airport. He was so helpful in giving us the must do's for our short trip. I really felt like I was staying at a friends place.The location is a 10 min walk from city centre where we hopped on to a hoho green bus and were able to explore Dublin. Taxi's were really easy to catch also which only took 2 mins and cost 6 euros which is totally worth it to be a bit further from the mayhem of city centre.  The best part of the whole trip was coming back to their place. Its super homey and clean!! They left a box of pamphlets and travel chargers which is so thoughtful.  I would only stay here next time I'm in Dublin. I couldn't wait to write this review to let everyone know how amazing this place is !570 Mick and Dee were the perfect hosts they made us feel right at home as soon as we arrived. We stayed down for the all Ireland football final weekend and the house is in the perfect location for Croke park, Bayview avenue is literally across the road from the entrance to the Cusack stand. The stay at the house was excellent we had everything we could ask for and it was so spacious and comfortable even with the full capacity of 6 guests and our hosts were excellent as in feeling like we where trusted with there property but at the same time they where just a call away if we needed all in all it was a great stay and we will defiantly be booking again and would recommend to anyone as they are great accommodating hosts. <br/><br/>Thanks again folks571 This is the best airbnb experience I have every had, hands down. The friendliest of hosts - they made us feel so welcome on our first trip to Dublin and we coudn't be more grateful. That was the icing on the cake though because the bungalow was absolutely gorgeous. Lots of space and very comfortable. We'll be back to Dublin and staying againg!572 Mick and Dee were the most wonderful hosts. They made us feel so welcome. We immediately felt at home and they put in that extra effort to make sure we all felt at ease and confortable. We came to run the marathon and they thought of the smallest detail, including great breakfast supplies so we would be full of energy. I cannot say enough good things about our experience in Dublin. I would suggest Mick and Dees home to anyone wishing to visit this wonderful city!573 We had a wonderful stay at the home of Mick & Dee! They gave us a warm welcome and gave us some good advice about Dublin and places to go. We would defenitely recommend this AirBnB to everybody.574 Highly recommended.  Mick and Dee were very friendly and welcoming, and the flat was clean, spacious and comfortable.  Everything just as described.  Just a 5 minute / 10 euro cab ride to the city centre (plus public transport options that we didn't use as there were four of us).  Would definitely use again!  Thanks for helping us have a great weekend in Dublin.575 Mick and Dee were fantastic hosts. We were given an exceptionally warm welcome and encouraged to feel at home immediately. The house itself is beautiful with terrific prints and arty touches throughout. We loved our Dublin stay. Thanks very much Mick and Dee!576 We had a greate trip to Dublin and the accommodation was definitely one of the reasons for that. The house was very nice and clean. The interrior was well designed and Mick & Dee were very kind. I would highly recommend this facility and the hosts :-)577 We received enough information from Mick and Dee in advance to get there. We were warmly welcomed on arrival.Explanation and information about the apartment and about the area was fine.The apartment was also very nice in a Christmas atmosphere.The Christmas tree was not missing either.Very cozy and a very nice couple who mick and dee.We stayed with 6 people for which the apartment is very suitable.Were allowed to use everything.Also everything that was available in the kitchen and drink.A regional tinted welcome package was also included.<br/> Mick and Dee thank you very much that we were allowed to use your apartment.578 We spent a great time in Dublin. Mick is a pleasant host, not intrusive but always available if needed.<br/>The flat is nice and it has everything you need ; 3 bedrooms and two bathrooms = the top .<br/>It's also very well placed , it's ideal for exploring the center of Dublin , there is a bus stop not even a minute away , taxis pass frequently and it takes less than 10 minutes walk to the center.<br/>I highly recommend for your stays in Dublin.<br/>Mick, thank you :)<br/><br/>(I hope my English is understandable )579 Mick and Dee where very responsive and helpful from the very start of the reservation to the very end!! They provided us tons of helpful information on restaurants, pubs, transportation and anything else we needed. We got in very early and they were so kind to meet us and let us drop off our bags. They provided breakfast food for us, wine, coffee and so much more. The house was so cute, comfortable and the perfect size for our group of 6. Great location, easy to get into town, would highly recommend if your looking for a house and a place in Dublin.  Thanks Mick and Dee, it was deadly!!! Cheers!580 This was my first Airbnb experience, and Mick and Dee have set the bar extremely high! They put me at ease, right from the first email response and answered every question I had and in an extremely quick fashion.  <br/><br/>We arrived in Dublin very early in the morning, around 7am.  Mick was already there waiting for us at the house, which is hugely appreciated after traveling all night across a 5 hour time difference.  He even helped with the bags (actually, he did pretty much all the work) and made us coffee.  They checked in throughout the trip, and even offered to drop by the house to help with a few things if necessary (not necessary, but again, the effort is appreciated).<br/><br/>The house itself was exactly as pictured and described.  We loved their fun decor! Everything was clean, the beds were comfortable, and there was ample space to unpack and settle in.  We didn’t end up cooking, but it looked like we would have had everything we needed.  They welcomed us to use whatever they had, and it was an easy to walk to several stores for anything else.  I forgot to pack electrical adapters, but there were several provided, along with tons of maps and guidebooks and suggestions.  The location was convenient for walking to the city center and train stations, and bus stops were practically outside the door.  It was peaceful and quiet, but provided easy access to all the action.  Our cab driver from the airport had a little difficulty finding it, so just make sure you have directions ready!<br/><br/>Thank you, Mick and Dee, for a wonderful experience!  I would not hesitate to book with you again or to recommend you to friends!  Sorry we brought the snow with us!<br/>581 we spent a wonderful journey in Dublin<br/>and Mick and Dee were very nice; their flat was so adapted to our need. it's perfect582 Mick was waiting for us & gave a warm welcome. He gave us a full tour & explained everything with a few useful local tips which we made full use of. The cottage was as described and meet our needs perfectly. Everything worked as it should & the cottage was really well equipped.583 It was our first Airbnb experience and it was completely successful!<br/><br/> Even if we arrived late on Friday evening, Mick was waiting for us and welcomed us warmly!<br/><br/> He immediately put us at ease and explained to us the operation of the various equipment of his accommodation.<br/><br/> The accommodation was fully in line with our expectations and the description of the website.<br/><br/> We spent 3 great days in Dublin largely thanks to this accommodation!<br/><br/> Thank you very much Mick & Dee584 Lovely place, lovely hosts !! My friends and I really enjoyed our stay : we stayed there for 3 night and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it.<br/>First Airbnb experience and thanks to Mick & Dee it’s been a real success !<br/>The place was exactly like the description and pictures. Very clean, modern, and functional. We had everything we needed.<br/>They were in touch at all times if needed. Thanks to them for their wealth of information and tips !<br/>Location is good, 20 min walk to the center.<br/>Would love to return next time I’m in Dublin!585 The apmt we rented from Mick & Dee was exactly like in the description - more than meets the eye. <br/>A very beautiful place to stay in a fantastic city. It made our trip even better than we expected it to be.<br/>Thanks a lot again for the hospitality!586 Beautiful house.<br/> carefully decorated<br/> Comfortable beds<br/> Quiet area close to the city center587 Mick and Dee are great hosts.  Everything that could be done to make us feel welcome and at home was taken care of.  The house is well located for city centre and airport transfer.  It’s comfortable and clean, the kitchen is well equipped, there’s plenty of linens and hot water and all the info you need to arrive and make use of your base is easy to hand.  We had a toddler and car in tow so the parking space outside the door made a huge difference.  Would be happy to recommend it and would definitely stay there again.588 We had the best time in Mick and Dee's lovely cottage! Welcomed by a friend of theirs, we found a bottle of wine and sweets waiting for us on the table  - not to speak of the very helpful welcome package, equipped with maps and everything else we might have needed. A lot of thought had been put into every little detail all around the house to make their guests feel welcome and comfortable at all times. A short walk into town, yet in a quiet neighborhood, even the location was fantastic. Wish we could have stayed longer! Dear Mick and Dee, thank you very much again for having us in your home. We enjoyed staying there very much and had a very great time in Dublin!589 Mike and Dee have a wonderful apartment in Dublin. It was warm and inviting. We had everything we needed and more. The space was ample and comfortable for our family of five. The location was central to everything in Dublin and exploring the city was easy by foot or local transport. Our communications with mike and dee were easy and prompt. We could not have asked for better hosts and will most definitely be back to Ireland to stay with them again!590 Great place, great hosts.<br/>The house is well located, one block from bus stops and a 20 minutes walk to city center if you don't mind walking. <br/>You will find a lot of tips and info about Dublin and Ireland provided by Mick and Dee. Follow the tips, they have very good taste, no regrets.<br/>Fully equipped kitchen, fast WiFi.<br/>Great bedrooms.591 Great house and location. We didn't actually get to meet Mick and Dee as they were away (although we emailed in advance and had all our queries answered before we arrived) but we were met by their very amiable friend Dan on arrival - he showed us where everything was, the rooms were a great size and house well equipped. Only a short walk to town and tram stop about 5 mins away of that was preferable. All in all fantastic hosts and city!592 Even before I booked the trip Mick and Dee were eager to provide suggestions for things to do during my stay. They really went out of their way to accommodate me and the place was spectacular. I will definitely be referring them to my friends and family.593 Mick & Dee are the perfect hosts... So much so, it felt as though we were staying in a friends pad! The house is lovely & Mick & Dee made sure that we had everything we needed to ensure we had the perfect stay!  <br/><br/>Situated just a short distance from the centre of Dublin, with parking- perfect! We will most definitely be returning to Dublin & would love to stay there again......if they will have us !!!594 My friends and I had a great time at Mick & Dee's! The flat is exactly as described and as it appears on the photos, it was really lovely and clean and very homely. 5 of us were in Dublin for just a couple of days but the flat was so cosy that we didn't go out until the afternoon, we just enjoyed hanging out in the very comfortable living room using the great wifi and getting a bit of sun in the garden. Mick and Dee were really helpful before, during and after our stay and made sure we had everything we needed, down to a welcome pack and welcome box crammed full of advice on the flat and things to do in Dublin, and a bottle of wine and a box of chocolates to greet us. They were away when we arrived so had asked their friend Dan to meet us and make sure we got in and found everything. Thanks to all three of you, we had a great time!595 We had a fantastic stay at Mick & Dee's. The apartment was clean and modern, a really large space. They provided everything you'd need, down to sleep masks! Communication was really easy and they were super helpful. Totally recommend!596 Mick & Dee were excellent hosts.  Their flat was perfect for our trip.  Clean, comfortable, and welcoming.  Very central, within walking distance to everything.  We appreciated the treats, and all of the tips they provided.  I would definitely recommend this place for a respectful traveller looking for a home base.597 A group of 5 of us stayed at Mick & Dee's for 5 days at the end of November 2015. We were in town from Canada for the World Kettlebell Lifting Championships at DCU. <br/><br/>From the get go, Mick was OUTSTANDING to deal with. Prompt responses, always friendly, and super accommodating. We arrived at 0600 on the first day and Mick was at the house to warmly greet us with our choosing of wine or tea (we needed the wine after 24 hours of travel!).  Yes that's right...wine at 0600. Don't judge.598 We had a great time at Mick and Dees home. They were extremely helpful at any time, always fast responding, the house was clean and very comfortable to stay in. I would recommend anyone to stay at their place! Thanks again to the two of you it was a blast!599 What a wonderful space!  Mick and Dee certainly know how to make a room feel welcoming.  Everything was as described.<br/><br/>Several small groceries and a lovely park within walking distance, as well as a spectacular little Italian restaurant across the street.  My family enjoyed our stay in this hidden gem, though my wife will warn you that the front door locks behind you as she found out when our daughter pulled it shut.600 Our thanks to Gary who met us on our arrival. The house is well equipped and provided everything we needed. It's in a good location, groceries available close by and within a comfortable walking distance to the centre of Dublin. The bus is also near by, just at the end of the street. Mick and Dee were quick to respond to any questions.601 Our stay was excellent! Check in was convenient and very informative.  The host gave great recommendations for restaurants.  The house location is very close to downtown. The house exceeds all expectations!602 Very clever spacious house slightly outside the Dublin city center. We enjoyed our stay here and had plenty of room for our family of 5.603 Mick & Dee's place was lovely for my family of 5. We fit  comfortably in their house. Since we were on a road trip, it was a bonus that their place was accessible to the main highways and city center. There were ample of space to park along the street we lived. For those who needs to use the bus, fret not, the bus station is just outside of the house.<br/><br/>Although we didn't get to meet Mick and Dee, their friend, Gary, helped us settled in and answered all our queries promptly. We really appreciate that. <br/><br/>Thanks again for letting your space to us.  We enjoyed our stay!604 We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at Mick and Dee’s place.  The house, complete with unique contemporary design pieces, is fully self-contained and had everything we needed.  It’s situated in a great location; quiet street, easy public transport access (bus stop across the street), short 15 mins walk to the centre of Dublin, 20 mins to the airport.<br/><br/>Mick and Dee were travelling when we stayed, however their friend Gary was there to meet and greet us and on-hand throughout our stay to answer any questions and provide a range of food and drink recommendations.<br/><br/>With three bedrooms and two bathrooms, Mick and Dee’s place is great for couples travelling together or small families.<br/>605 Commincation was excellent and made themselves available at a suitable arrival time for ourselves. Accommodation was ideal for 6 adults sharing for weekend and was exactly as described! Was about 15-20minute walk to center or 10-15euro taxi to temple bar area.. Overall a great stay and definitely recommended!606 We had a great time at Mick & Dee's place, we were 3 couples so it was the perfect size for us. The location is great as you can walk into Dublin centre in 15 mins or a taxi is good value too. The hosts were helpful and quick to answer questions before we arrived. Gary was welcoming and helpful during our stay. The house is lovely and great as a base to the explore to Dublin and further.607 We had a lovely stay at Mick and Dees! It was conveniently located within walking distance of City Center ( if you don't mind a longer walk!) and there are also convenient buses nearby. They also give access to their bike cards if you're interested in biking! The layout was perfect for my group of 6 (three couples). We loved the long table and enjoyed take out from the nearby restaurant Da Mimmo! Also supermarkets and laundry nearby. Mick and Dee were thoughtful to leave maps and a printed guide to help us with our questions about the house and getting around the city! We loved it! Thank you!608 The house is generally good, but the bath water in the bathroom is relatively small. There is a bath room in a bathroom.609 The apartment exudes a certain charm due to its furnishings.You feel comfortable.It is ideal for four to six people.The mattresses are comfortable, not too hard and not too soft.WiFi can be used free of charge after entering the password.Radio and satellite TV are part of the equipment as well as a hair holder.The kitchen has a microwave as an extra.<br/><br/> From the apartment to the city center of Dublin you need between 15 and 20 minutes.<br/>610 Helpful before and during the trip.<br/>Nice place, everything you would need was there.<br/>Loads of tips on what to do/where to go.611 Fiona is a very friendly hostess, she waited for us in the house although we arrived with a considerable delay and even provided a breakfast package with milk, butter and eggs.<br/>The house was perfect for us: clean and well equipped. It is situated in a quiet neighbourhood, but the city center of Dublin can easily be reached by public transport or even on foot.<br/><br/>Thanks for your patience and a great home away from home, Fiona!612 Everything was ok613 Fiona is very welcoming and had even purchased some staples like butter, milk, eggs and cookies, which was very nice. She gave us a quick tour and showed us through the house.  Very clean with plenty of towels. There's also a computer printer. It is a quiet neighborhood.<br/>But if you're older, the walk to the bus isn't a short stroll. <br/>Only drawback was the description stated there is a clothes dryer but you can only hang your clothes in the yard as there is no dryer.614 Fiona's home was very clean and cosy. It's only a few minutes to Dublin city centre and Howth, with easy access by train or bus. Clontarf itself is great for walks with beautiful views of bull island, Howth, Dublin docks and the iconic pool beg towers along the coast. There are plenty  of shops, restaurants and healthy food cafés all within walking distance. Fiona was a great host, going through everything with you beforehand. She also left the essentials like bread, milk and cereal and is available by phone if you have any questions.615 Our visit to Dublin at Fiona's house was wonderful. The home was in a great location - walking distance to great restaurants and grocery stores, and buses to downtown Dublin.<br/><br/>Great notes on things to do. The house was perfect, with a nice kitchen and very comfy beds, and a gas fire for the stormy evenings.  Fiona was incredibly kind and flexible on our checkout.616 Fiona was a fantastic host who welcomed us, showed us around and was available if we needed her. Accomodation was as described and very comfortable and well maintained. The neighbourhood was great as everything was within easy access. We would absolutely recommend Fiona and her Dublin home for anyone wanting to experience Ireland.617 Fiona met up upon our arrival as planned. She had a bag of goodies and lots of information on paper regarding the house. (We went back to these papers many times, very helpful). She  let us come in early in the morning and showed us around to make things easier. I had a great time in Ireland and it was nice to come back and relax in your own Town house. Love the beds, and its very quiet.... Thanks again...618 The flat was so lovely , conveniently and safely located. Beds were big and comfortable to sleep even 5. New bathroom and kitchen. Living areas were big enough to lounge around. My family loved come "home" after a long day in Dublin .619 Fabulous home at a great location for experiencing all that Dublin has to offer!!!<br/><br/>Fiona was the best host for our trip and provided all we needed to make this a memorable holiday for myself and my family. <br/><br/>The home was spacious and extremely well equipped for our visit and even when we got lost getting there Fiona was ready and available to help us find our way to our home away from home.  Excellent value for staying in an extremely popular location with ready access on the DART to downtown but with the privacy to come home to.  <br/><br/>I would recommend this property and this host to anyone looking to be in the area and wanted a place that could accommodate a family or friends traveling to Dublin.620 Fiona is a lovely host. Fiona was always available if we needed her. She met us as planned and had purchased milk, butter, eggs and cereals. She also provided information about Dublin / the house and the neighbourhood. It's a quite and safe neighbourhood and only a short walk to the bus stop, which takes you directly into the city centre. If you plan on staying longer than just for a city trip, just like we did for more than three weeks, it's the perfect stay to explore Dublin and surroundings.  <br/>At the end of our stay, Fiona offered us to bring back the empty bottles, which we were very thankful for!621 Everything was perfect.  A very nice location that was very close to the water and in a very nice and quiet neighborhood.  Everything was very comfortable and there wasn't anything we didn't need.622 He was a very cordial and pending person at all times of our needs.The housing is comfortable and is located in a quiet place.Nearby there is a pleasant sea walk and the environment is cozy without the feeling of overwhelm of the city.Very kind people.Fiona made us feel at home.Thanks Fiona¡¡¡623 A lovely attached house, totally recommended for a family.We could not know Fiona personally, but she was fully available and helping us in everything we could specify, an exceptional nfriter. <br/> It was a success for us the choice of Fiona's house.We thought that it was going to be a handicap its distance from the center of Dublin, but in the end its location location was perfect for us having rented car, since in the long run you are more interested in knowing places in Ireland or nearby towns such as Howth or Malahide that Cerarte in Dublin.The house, and Fiona makes you feel home.624 Fiona is a very friendly amphitation.Super retailer.The house is spectacular.He has advised and helped us both in the city, as in the choice of the Summer Camp of our son, etc.When we arrived as soon as he left the taxi, his neighbor Marta was to show us the house and give us the keys.He left us a bottle of wine, breakfast bread, butter, eggs, etc.Everything you need for a very pleasant stay.We advise 100%625 Particularly kind welcome;The house is in a very pleasant neighborhood, well served by buses and urban train;It is also very quiet and comfortable.Fiona has always been very helpful and welcoming.626 Very good accommodation with a very good situation and in a good neighborhood, quiet and respectful.Well communicated a few minutes from the center.Without a doubt, it is our accommodation in Dublin.627 Fiona went the extra mile to make our stay easy and pleasant, from providing a cot for our baby to dropping off some bread, milk and eggs for our arrival. She was always attentive and never intrusive. The house has everything you could possibly need and is superbly located in a beautiful seaside suburb close to all amenities and the city centre. We would definitely stay again and recommend it to anyone looking for a home away from home in Dublin!628 We stayed 5 weeks and we had a great time. The Bus stop was close and the environment was very nice. Fiona was helpful at any time <br/>Everything was clean and we even had something for our first breakfast.<br/>Thank you !629 Great host, made sure everything was ready and was there if we needed anything. Had welcoming snacks ready! Great location, near a bus stop, the sea and clontarf castle. We loved our stay and would recommend Fiona to anyone!630 Loved how it was located in a little town close to Dublin but it had it's own charm that took a whole day to enjoy! Great communication whenever we reached out and was kind enough to allow an early check-in! Would highly recommend to anyone else looking to visit Dublin :)631 Very friends and provided everything we could have possibly needed. In addition to anticipating needs, she provided wonderful al instant responses to every question/request.632 This a wonderful spacious place to stay if you are looking for a space of your own while in Dublin. It's away from the city centre so you do have to use taxis or transit to get to and from but it's only about a 15 min ride. The place is very clean. Fiona consistently checks in with you before you and arrive and during to make sure you have everything you need. The amenities were easy to use and the beds were very comfortable. Highly recommend!633 This house was perfect for our family of four to stay in Dublin for 9 days. With plenty of space for all of us, a well-equipped kitchen, and a lovely neighbourhood, we couldn't have asked for more. Fiona was always quick, helpful and friendly in her communication and made us feel very welcome. We appreciated having breakfast items already on hand and I loved the coffee machine! Clontarf is a great part of Dublin - beachside and close to the city, but also Northside where our family is. We would definitely recommend this as great family accommodation and will be spreading the word!634 Fiona provides great info on the area grocery stores, taxi to and from airport and lots of info in unit on places to see. Bus was very convenient to Dublin as advertised. Unit was very comfortable for 4 adults and lots of living space with wonderful enclosed dining area in back. Food staples in unit were especially appreciated. Really enjoyed our visit.635 Quiet, spacious, great bed and facilities.636 The house is exactly as shown on the website with two large bedrooms, a comfortable living room and well equipped kitchen. For us the added value was the sun room which leads into the garden. It was a great place to sit and read or have dinner.<br/>The host, Fiona, was really kind and took great care to make sure we had everything we wanted and responded quickly to any questions we had.<br/>The location is perfect. There is a small supermarket just five minutes walk away for any daily needs or if you want a bigger shop there is a larger supermarket, Nolan's, just 15 minutes walk away. The area around the house has lots of small cafes and restaurants where you can get good food, or just sit and have a coffee after your weekly shop.<br/>The house is only a couple of minutes walk from the sea front which offers a long promenade along the coast which is ideal for a walk or for jogging.<br/>Transport into the centre of town is easy, there is a bus stop just minutes away or the the DART train. Two stops gets you into town, about ten minutes. Taxis from the centre of town to the house cost about 13 euro depending on traffic.<br/>This is the perfect location for a visit to Dublin as it combines the relaxation of a seaside area with easy connections to the centre of the city, really the best of both worlds. We didn't want to leave.637 We stayed the first two days in downtown Dublin and so moving to Fiona's place in Clontarf was a very welcome break from the hustle and bustle of the city and challenges with parking.  Fiona went above and beyond to make us feel very welcome. She was also very responsive to our communication and super easy to work with!  I highly recommend her home.638 I have just stayed at Fiona's home and could not be happier with our stay. We arrived there at 9pm to find a bottle of wine waiting for us along with bread,eggs and milk along with other food in the cupboard.The location of the townhouse is perfect being only minutes from the city with a bus stop only a 5mins walk away and for drinks and dinner The Yacht is within walking distance. Because we had a late flight Fiona was very accommodating in letting us check out later in the day which we were very appreciative of and we would highly recommend Fiona and her home to any that wants a lovely home to enjoy on their holidays. Thanks Fiona639 The home was comfortable and we were able to walk 5 minutes to the bus stop that took about 15 minutes to arrive in Central Dublin. It was a safe, nice location with access to restaurants and shops. The seafront is very beautiful and nice place to grab some exercise before you start your day.640 Great location at Clontarf. Easy check in and out. Clean and comfortable home with nice neighbours in a good neighbourhood.641 The house was very clean, quiet, and had enough space for 3 people to be comfortably.<br/><br/>Fiona was a great host - giving us lots of tips - and the place is filled with maps and books about Ireland that one can use.<br/><br/>The location near the ocean was beautiful, and out of town enough that it's easy to rest. One quick bus ride downtown made getting around easy.642 Our stay with Fiona was fantastic. The location wasn't too far from Dublin (we drove in most days) and the accommodations were amazing as well. There was laundry in the apartment in case you needed to refresh your wardrobe, a great little patio area, and a living room with plenty of space for all your guests. There is a grocery store within walking distance for you to fill up the fridge with local goodies as well! We made use of it several times during our stay.<br/><br/>On a personal level, Fiona took time out of her day to assist me with an emergency situation I was in. Not all hosts make themselves available like she did for me, and I will be forever grateful for her understanding and helpfulness.643 Location even though a little outside of Dublin centre was great, we felt we got best of all, easy access to city centre but also some quiet area. Fiona is a great host! Thanks for all your help.644 A wonderful house, a hospitable mistress, always tried to help and solved our problems both with arrival (we flew early in the morning) and we were met remarkably, and when leaving (it was possible to leave the house at the time we had a flight, late in the evening! In the refrigeratorThere were products when we arrived and we were able to cook right away. The house is located in a wonderful quiet area, not far from the center and there is the opportunity to take a walk along the embankment. And the most memorable for us were evenings with candles on the rear yard's terrace, warmly, comfortable, everything is very much.We are satisfied and advise you to visit this wonderful house!645 We loved our stay in this house! Fiona went out of her way to help us book the dates we wanted, and from then on responded promptly to all messages. She was there to meet us when we arrived, and was very welcoming. She gave us lots of useful information about transport, shops, restaurants, and places to go. The house is lovely, well-equipped, and in a really nice neighbourhood in Clontarf. If we ever come back to Dublin we would stay here again in a heartbeat!646 We stayed at Fiona’s place for almost three weeks, which I expect is longer than most people. It was wonderful to have food for breakfast for the first few days. Fiona also let us drop our luggage off early, which was so nice. Unfortunately a remodeling project had just been started next door, which Fiona didn’t know about until we checked in. Obviously this was not Fiona’s fault, but it did damper our impression of the place a bit.<br/><br/>The townhouse is a bit out of Dublin in a quiet neighborhood that is fun to walk and with a few restaurants around for a quick bite. The walk along the water was wonderful. It was very easy to catch a bus for a relatively quick ride into Dublin city center.<br/><br/>We had an issue with the hot water one day which was resolved very quickly. The bed was comfortable, and the kitchen was relatively well supplied although some of the pots have seen better days. The layout of the apartment is a little inconvenient, with the dining room in the back of the house, but it is very clear from the photos, so wasn’t a surprise. We were a little disappointed in the patio furniture, it wasn’t really comfy enough to use even though the weather cooperated. We loved the dining room/sun room. So bright and warm.<br/><br/>Overall I would recommend Fiona’s place if you prefer being away from city centre. Nolan’s grocery store is wonderful! Definitely recommend getting a leap card if you stay here.647 We stayed in Fiona’s house for 2 months during an internship, it’s a lovely place, well furnished and located about 15-20 minutes from the city centre by bus (you can reach the bus stop in about 3 minutes). The communication with Fiona was great as she is very friendly and helpful. <br/>Thanks a lot for the lovely stay in your house!648 FIONAS PLACE IS THE BEST PLACE COMMUNICATION IS GREAT, AND IS VERY CLOSE TO TRANSPORTATION IN REALL RECOMMEND YOU TO STAY THERE...SHE IS GREAT HOST649 Good stay.650 Fiona was an absolutely delightful host. The house is in great location - not too far from the city centre and in a quiet location. A few nice touches like milk and breakfast items upon arrival. Thank you!651 What a perfect home! Located in Clontarf, you will be a quick bus ride in to city center -  about 12 minutes. There’s a Nolan’s grocery 10 min from the home, and an Aldi and Lidl about 25 min walk from there. With the location being very close to the ocean, anywhere you walk will be quite lovely. <br/><br/>The home was cozy, furnished with everything you need. Kitchen was loaded with all the essentials, and quite stylish. <br/><br/>My wife and I had the opportunity to stay 2 months here and we loved every moment of it. We will definitely be back if we can! Fiona was quick on the responses, and took great care of us when we had questions. <br/><br/>All in all, this was what you would expect from a stellar Airbnb!652 Fiona's place was great. We stayed for 3 weeks and it has everything you need. It's a cozy, sunny place in a great neighbourhood653 Fiona's apartment is located in a great neighborhood, very close to the sea and well connected by Dublin Bus network. We could recommend this place for a couple or a family. Fiona was a great host, very responsive and was flexible with check in and checkout.654 I booked Fiona's place for my parent's 2 week visit to Dublin and could not be happier.  Nice clean, spacious and bright apartment in a beautiful part of Dublin by the coast, it is close to Clontarf's fabulous local eateries and amenities and only 15 minutes into town  by bus.  Fiona was a great host and a pleasure to deal with.  Highly Recommended!!655 Great place for a week of work in Dublin. Easy access in and out of Dublin and it’s very quiet. They had nobody checking in the day of my departure so let me decide on my check out time. Outstanding hospitality. We’ll definitely be back.656 Fiona is a very great friendly host.We came very late but that was not a problem at all.She also gave us very helpful tips for Dublin.I can only recommend Fiona as a host.657 Fiona’s townhouse is in a perfect location. Clontarf is so nice lots of stores, bars and restaurants .  We had a great time.658 Beautiful townhouse. We loved the conservatory! Plenty of room for our family of four. <br/>Amazing treats ready for us when we arrived. Thank you so much! <br/>Lovely area too - great for sea walks along the prom and nice restaurants and parks nearby. <br/>Sparkling clean. The photos don’t do it justice. <br/>Fiona was really helpful and very understanding when we encountered a problem. <br/>Really recommend and will be back!659 It was an amazing experience and a beautiful space, I loved the communication between Fiona and I. I surely recommend this place.660 Fiona's place is perfectly convenient if you are looking for something with the perks of the suburbs while being almost in the centre. The house was clean and the beds were comfortable. Fiona was very accommodating when we asked of we could check-in am hour earlier. The thoughtful details convinced us to try to book her place again when we will go back to Dublin. Thank you again for the lovely stay.661 Excellent location, great communication662 Lovely neighborhood with restaurants and supermarket close by. Great walking paths. House was perfect for our Dublin trip.663 Lovely home in and excellent location664 My fiancé and I stayed at Fiona's place for 10 days. The house is very spacious with many different rooms. The kitchen has all the necessary equipment. There is a huge TV. We enjoyed the patio. Clontarf is a beautiful area. There is a mini grocery shop just 5 walking minutes away. Would come back anytime!665 Lovely place, super cosy and a nice destination.666 Fiona’s house was great to stay in - lots of room and really clean. She left us coffee and lots of<br/>Other bits to use which we were so grateful for. Would absolutely stay again667 Great location, comfortable beds and well kitted house.668 Fiona’s place is just as showcased, a really cute townhouse with modern amenities and lots of space on a quiet street. I chose this place, which I was in for a week, as it was only a few minutes walk to the seafront and only 30 mins away from Bull Island and St Anne’s park- both great to have! It’s also close to some cute cafes and shops. <br/><br/>Fiona was very responsive and super flexible as both my arrival day and time changed last minute. She Also had fresh bread, milk, butter and biscuits when I arrived- much appreciated. The place has all the condiments and cooking equipment you need, and is  super clean too. Highly recommended.669 Lovely house, super comfortable, excellent location, and a great host670 A well-equipped 2-bed townhouse, very close to the airport, the city, the sea and a park, in a lovely area which is surprisingly quiet. Very accessible and obliging host. Recommended671 Perfect place for 1 or 2. Safe area, central location and Fiona is always responsive to inquiries672 Excellent comms, great location. Nice little touch with the bread and milk waiting after a long day of travelling.673 Delightful house in a great location. Fiona was incredibly helpful and accommodating. I stayed here for a month and would happily stay again. The house is very close to the sea while still in a quiet, private area.674 My wife & I stayed at the Mews in Clontarf for 5 days & had a great time. The house is less than 5 minutes walk from the Clontarf Seafront . The House is ideal for a Quiet couple or 2 Adults & 2 children.  Cooking facilities in the compact kitchen are excelllent. The WIFI is great throughout the House. The large T.V. is excellent with Sky Channels, Netflix etc. Heating controls are easy to use .The location in Clontarf is ideal for exploring  Dollymount Strand , the North Bull Wall as well as areas such as Howth, Portmarnock etc. There is an excellent Bus service to the City Centre . In conclusion, Fiona's House is an excellent choice for a Dublin stay. There is free parking at the House as well.675 Very cosyhome with private courtyard at the rear. Close to beach in Bull Island.  Great location for trips to City Centre or Howth. We had a very pleasant holiday with this home's our base. I'd highly  recommend it for families with 1 or 2 kids.676 Lovely, comfortable, welcoming house with fully equipped kitchen, lounge, solarium, and (for warm weather) a back garden. Fiona responded immediately when I phoned her with a question. My husband and I highly recommend!677 Fiona’s home is amazing and she is a great host. Everything we needed was right there, or a quick message away. We also had to adjust our stay due to flight cancellations and Fiona accommodated our needs. Location could not be better. At most 15-20 minutes from everything you would want to see in Dublin.678 We had a wonderful time, it was in a fantastic place just outside of Dublin. Communications with the host were perfect and documentation explaining how things worked were spot on.679 This property ticked all our boxes! Quiet and peaceful location with a car parking space and close to 130 bus route into city. This enabled easy connections with Dart and Luas public transport and meant we could abandon the car for most of our stay. We bought Leap cards which could be used on all transport. Sea-front and circular walks to shops and restaurants were an added bonus. The Italian restaurant, Picasso  in Vernon Avenue, did a tasty lunch for seven and catered well for various appetites and two coeliacs.<br/>The kitchen, lounge and conservatory was adequate space for the three of us. One bathroom was okay for three of us. The lounge was large enough to accommodate seven adults for coffee!<br/>Fiona had thoughtfully provided some gluten free food provisions and clearly indicated that we could use the food in the cupboard. Fiona facilitated easy clear communication. Her house instructions were also very clear and helpful. <br/>We wouldn't hesitate in staying at 5 The Mews on a return trip.680 We recommend.Everything worked well.681 Perfect stay at Fiona’s in Clontarf. <br/>What a lovely welcome of fresh bread, eggs and milk in a great location a stones throw away from Dublin City Centre. The property itself has private parking and all the facilities you would expect from a great Air B&B - a real home from home. There is a shop just round the corner and bus stop which will take you to Dublin or the local DART station on the Clontarf road. <br/>Fiona made check in and check out very seamless and was a pleasure to deal with.<br/>We shall certainly be back!682 Staying at Eleanor's was like being home away from home. The home is equipped with everything that you would need; extra towels, comfy beds, spacious living room and dining room, fully equipped kitchen (Eleanor even had an espresso machine - very nice!). I mean, it's Eleanor's home, and you can tell right away that she has put a lot of love and attention to detail into it. In addition to being a great space, the home is located just a few minutes from the LUAS, the Irish Museum of Modern Art, and loads of little shops and take away places. Finally, Eleanor was an excellent host. She responded very quickly to any questions that we had before arriving and offered some great suggestions for places to eat. Thank you Eleanor!683 Teresa and her husband are great hosts who always had a helping hand for us. Their house lies in a safe and quiet neighbourhood, which can be reached by LUAS (and a short walk) from Dublin centre within 25-30 minutes. <br/><br/>The house and the room, we lived in, had everything we needed for a short stay in this wonderful city. The room was fully equipped as was the kitchen and the bathroom, everything is as given in the descriptions, it's tidy and really nice. <br/><br/>Thank you for a lovely time in the "holy cottage" in Dundrum/ Dublin!<br/>We loved staying there and would always recommend to also do so when going to Dublin!684 Churchtown,  aka dumdum is about 15-30 minutes from the city centre of Dublin depending on which public transit you take,  which is so easy to get to within minimum walking distance. Ms. Teresa's cottage is quaint and very comfortable. You feel like you belong there automatically. Spacious one room accommodation that is clean and super comfortable. Shared space in the kitchen and bathroom for now more than six total guests at a time. Their backyard garden is amazing and so great to sit, enjoy a cup of tea with fresh fruit or toast and jam that is provided daily. Muffins and cereals as well are usually on the menu. This was such a great time, I can't wait to go back!685 Staying with Teresa was the best decision we could have made. <br/>Teresa and her husband Hugh are incredibly friendly and really take care of their guests to make sure they feel welcome. They have lots of information about exploring the city, restaurants, pubs, things to do, public transport, you name it.<br/>The room was bigger than we expected and very pretty with lots of attention to detail. The room, bedroom and kitchen were perfectly clean. Teresa offers a lovely breakfast as well, different kinds of bread, jam, nutella, cereal, tea, coffee... you name it. The perfect way to start a long day of sightseeing <br/>Our personal highlights were the fluffy towels and the heated blankets.<br/>I would absolutely book this place again,  not only because of the stylish room but also because of the wonderful hosts.686 Teresa is very welcoming, during our stay my friend and I benefited from her good advice which was very useful to us. <br/> The breakfast is very complete and corresponds to all tastes.687 Great location for getting in Dublin and exploring. Super helpful, friendly and knowledgeable about all the local attractions and interesting places to go. Thanks for a great stay!688 Very good people in a cute house, very comfortable !689 Really enjoyed our stay. Bedroom was smaller than expected but hosts were lovely.690 A very warm, inviting place to stay. I had a wonderful experience, and they were so kind and helpful with the best tips for getting around and places to go.691 It was easy to find. Very clean. Nice breakfast. Lovely garden, if our stay had been longer we would have sat out there too. Nice and peaceful after a busy day in the city! Thank you for your hospitality!692 Great location, lovely tips to find the perfect spots around the city.693 Excellent location<br/>Super host694 The neighborhood is very nice and well communicated!Teresa and her husband were very friendly.They took time to explain to us with a map, things of utility and interest.It is worth noting the magnificent breakfast, with a variety of cereals, jams, breads, cookies, fruit, cakes !!Really exquisite!Thanks Teresa!695 Very quiet, silent place696 Teresa and her husband are exceptional hosts, and their home is terrific. We couldn’t have asked for a better stay in Ireland.697 Teresa and her husband are an extremely welcoming couple, their hosting has been great, also in our very unfortunate situation since my boyfriend fell ill during our trip. Teresa took good care of us, going well beyond the duties of an host.698 Our stay with Teresa gave us a taste of Ireland we would not have had if we had stayed in a hotel.  We enjoyed talking with our host learning about Irish history and culture. Teresa and her husband were helpful in giving tips of how to get around Dublin and made suggestions for day tours to see other parts of Ireland.  Their place is cosy and warm, close to public transportation, making it easy to go to the city center.699 Cute place! Amazing service and plenty of lovely tips about the area. Super close to both a tram link and the bus service and the backyard is adorable.700 This is a lovely, lovely place to stay. Even though it is isn’t centrally located, the transport links are so quick and accessible that I never noticed. Highly recommend.701 A perfect option on the outskirts of Dublin, about 20 minutes to the center in El Luas, whose station is 10 'from the house.Teresa and her husband are charming and absolutely respectful of their guests space, make you feel at home.I would certainly choose it again.702 Teresa’s place is like home away from home. It is exactly as pictured and described. It’s in a nice part of town, so my daughter and I felt comfortable navigating around by ourselves. It’s near the bus that you take to go about anywhere, 1 minute walk!  I would absolutely recommend Teresa’s place!703 Teresa and Hugh are great. Very friendly and welcoming. The room and facilities are exactly what you can expect seeing the pictures on AirBnb. We enjoyed our stay a lot !704 We really enjoyed our stay at Teresa's house. Teresa and her husband are very welcoming and helped us in every situation. Would definitely recommend this place!705 It was an incredible stay at Holly cottage, just how the description says, "cozy irish cottage". Theresa and Hughie spoils you with warm and homely rooms, filled with beautiful interiors maintained extremely well. It is placed in a quaint neighbourhood with easy connectivity to the city via bus or tram. This stay truly enriched us with an Irish experience unforgettable. I would absolutely recommend this to anyone visiting Dublin, for a holiday away from all the hustle and bustle.706 I recommend, Tereza and her friendly, always helpful husband, helping us in everything, organized place, clean, warm, with a very good breakfast, a tasty place is private.Next bus stop, with 25min is in downtown Dublin.I recommend.707 I stayed 15 days in the hosting of Teresa and her husband, and I can say that I got it right!Very fragrant house, great beds, clean and warm bathroom, heating all over the house, great breakfast.The neighborhood where the house is great, with shopping, pharmacies, restaurants, markets, all with easy and quick access.Teresa makes you super comfortable and felt at home!She communicates very well and is a very affectionate and polite Irish!Surely a wonderful hosting!I will come back with certainty and recommend it a lot!:)708 Great location and respectful host709 We had a lovely stay at Teresa's. The check in was easy. Teresa and her husband welcomed us and explained everything. The room is very cozy and warm. She gave us a lot of information on how to get to her place and about Dublin and the public transportation. There is a bus which takes you directly to the city center. The bus stop is only 100m away.<br/>Everything was very clean and she offered several breakfast options (bread, cereals, tea, coffee). We would definitely recommend staying with Teresa.710 Our time spent in Dublin was great. Teresa's house is located in nice and calm area. It takes about 15 minutes to the city centre by tram. House is cosy and clean. Teresa and her housband advised us what to see and where we can eat in neighorhood.711 We have been very good, everything clean and very attentive.Breakfast with the basics and necessary to leave.You have the Luas stop at 12 minutes walking and 5 Mins Supermarket and Pub.712 The location is good you have buses and luas nearby. Big and nice surprise was breakfast. The communication is good. The room itself is very cozy and warm.713 Teresa was very welcoming and friendly. The included breakfast was lovely and the room was comfortable. Thank you!714 House was very beautiful and in a wonderful clean and safe location, with a 2 minute walk to the nearest bus stop. Teresa and her husband were the most darling people!715 Teresa is really kind and pleasant. He gives great advice and the room is very pleasant.716 Teresa and Howie are fantastic hosts. Their location is close to supermarket, restaurants, and Dundrum Shopping Centre. <br/><br/>I stayed for 2 weeks and enjoyed thoroughly.717 The Cosy Cottage was good value with a gracious hostess. Located near bus lines into Dublin city centre and a short walk to cafes and shops. Would stay there again.718 Very warm welcome near town by bus good bedding we barely seen the owners I recommend719 Teresa is a very friendly, openminded and helpful lady. She is  quick and informative when answering questions before and during the  stay. It is important for her that you enjoy your stay and that you feel comfortable in her house.720 What a wonderful stay we had with Teresa and Hugh. Such a comfortable, cozy home that was exactly located where we needed. Teresa and Hugh made us feel comfortable from the moment we arrived. They were also helpful in providing us directions and suggestions during our stay. I highly recommend staying here if you are in this area. I hope to be back someday.721 Teresa’s was a lovely place to stay while we were in Dublin - far enough out of the city centre that it feels peaceful, but close enough that I could get to the National library where I was working in less than 40 minutes. The breakfast was great, we felt very welcome, and Teresa was an easy going host who sent lots of travel tips ahead of time and accommodated the delays in our schedule.722 Great stay723 room was perfect, Teresa was lovely. would be more then happy to stay again.724 Teresa was very helpful. The room was spacious enough and the bus stop to the City centre was very close by, which was very convenient.725 Teresa and her husband are very helpful, kind and discreet guests!The room is quite comfortable (the quality of the beds could be improved) and spacious.Abundant breakfast.Comfortable location to reach the center!726 The room was clean with all the amenities and is very connected to main places like Dundrum, bars and Luos tram. So a great place to be at.727 Teresa is very welcoming.The bathroom shared with other travelers was moderately clean ... Nothing to say about the room!728 Very nice, comfortable, safe and friendly hospitality. Thank you very much!729 It was a perfect stay at Teresa’s, I really recommend it. We slept very well, it was quiet and clean, and we loved having breakfast before going out in Dublin! It was really easy to go to city center (about 25 min by bus 14 just around the corner, or 20 min with the LUAS who is 15 min walk from the place).730 We would have never expected to feel so at home since the very first moments. Our stay was delightful, the cottage was perfeftly cozy and tidy (and strategically placed, at that!). Our daily organization couldn’t have been simpler, with the very convenient Bus 14 just out of the front door. But the cherry on the top of this wonderful cake was Hughie and Teresa’s company: every night, when our daily explorations were over, we felt as if we were going back to the quaint house of a lovely uncle and aunt! They were full of advice for us and chatting with them was pleasant and enriching! Last but not least, breakfast was varied and of top-notch quality! We can’t wait to be to Dublin again, and that is due in no small part to our wonderful hosts! Riccardo & Stefania731 Lovely hosts and lovely place. I recommend warmly.732 Teresa’s home is great and they were very accommodating!733 Lovely area, good tips from Teresa, easy access to the tram. Warm and welcoming, Teresa provided a great home base for our explorations!734 Amazing stay and location with hospitable host735 I highly recommend this accommodation - very well located, comfortable and very clean - excellent welcome from Térésa and her husband736 Good value737 Teresa and family were lovely hosts. They were welcoming ,sociable and very informative-bed was very comfy, tv in room ,kitchen available for my numerous cups of tea on returning from exploring and choice of cereals & toast offered for breakfast. It was my first trip to Ireland and Teresa was great at providing info for arrival transport and departure so I knew what to expect. <br/>She also gave 3 of us(all guests) a lift to the tram and provided info on the local area &facilities -good shops,cinema ,etc- as well as having the usual information leaflets. As I like walking the family also  provided info on the Wicklow Way for my next trip. They were very friendly and obviously enjoy having guests staying! I would recommend staying here without hesitation :welcoming ,informative ,enthusiastic  and the tourist board could not have done a better promotion of the area than Teresa and family!<br/>I hope to go back to stay on a future visit- and for info both the local bus  to the airport and airbus are less than a 5 minute walk from the house- local bus takes longer but is only 2 euro30!  Great first trip to Irelandand a priveledge to get to meet the whole family.738 Very pleasant stay of 3 nights in a magnificent apartment, very well equipped, very well placed (25 minutes walk from the temple bar), quiet, everything you need nearby (supermarket, bakery, and bus).<br/> Address with the locals to recommend!<br/>739 I had a wonderful experience at Teresa's. I instantly felt like part of the family. They were very warm, welcoming and helpful - easy and fast to get into Dublin Centre. Slept well - great shower!! Teresa was very kind to me!!  Would definitely stay again!740 My family and I had a very nice stay at the James Joyce apartment; the furnishings were beautiful and comfortable, the bathroom was gorgeous, the kitchen and appliances were great, good number of dishes and kitchen utensils/gadgets, the washer/dryer was very handy, and the location was very convenient. Also Liam's daughter brought us a welcoming gift of fruit, bread, etc on the day we arrived, which was very much appreciated. Thank you Liam for accommodating us at such short notice.741 We enjoyed our stay in this apartment.   There was a grocery store, bakery, butcher, video store, close by. As well as several restaurants and pubs.   Once we finally figured out the street layout, it was easy to find our way.   Museums, the main street, the quay, and shopping are all within walking distance.  The apartment was a good size for the 6 of us, and we loved being able to eat in at night.   The washer/ dryer was a plus, and the house itself is beautiful and you can just imagine its history.   Plenty of hot water and clean towels, cable tv and Internet.   We would stay here again!742 Our Trip to Ireland started off FANTASTIC thanks to Liam! Our flight was a late one and we were so thankful Liam had set up a meet and greet to take us straight to the apartment. When we arrived the apartment was just as pictured and CLEAN. Liam was a wonderful host quick with response and very accommodating. One last thing the location of the apartment was awesome. Not in town with all the noise but the bus stop to take you in (46A) was a minute walk if not less and the drop off at the end of your long day of site seeing was across the street from you door. You just could not beet this apartment in my opinion and we would recommend staying with Liam! Thanks for a wonderful place to stay on our vacation Liam. The Bairds743 Great home to stay in whilst you are staying in Dublin. A lovely spacious house, really homely, in a nice quiet safe area, within walking distance to a main tram/bus and train station, 10 minute tram journey to being in the centre of Dublin, more affordable than most Dublin city hotels, we would completely recommend staying at elenour's home, a hugely accommodating host. Thank you so much!744 Great contact with the host.  Very helpful.  House was beautiful in a great area close to the city centre.745 Eleanor was so great to deal with. Super accessible and prompt on email replies. She was out of town for our stay but arranged an easy alternative to get the key and also went out of her way to lend us an iPhone charger. <br/><br/>Her place was perfect for our last night in Dublin. Spacious and cozy at the same time. Central to the Heuston train station and close to a supermarket. We really enjoyed staying here.746 Thanks for a wonderful weekend! We really enjoyed staying here. Eleanor was great to deal with on email and phone, and always available if we needed any help. The house is super accessible and very clean. Very spacious and in a lovely quiet neighbourhood. Perfect for families. Would highly recommend.747 Elanor's house was exactly as seen in pictures! She responded within minutes to any questions I had and was accommodating with early arrival.  Her home is very cozy and in a quiet area. The only downfall was we could only shower at certain times in order to have hot water but she was willing to increase the heat if needed. We managed just fine and it wasn't a hassle at  all! Would definitely recommend her home!748 Great place for small group of friends who need a stylish pad close to the city centre. <br/><br/>Really cosy place with some nice touches & a superb host.749 Eleanor's property is amazing and super stylish! <br/>A great mix of modern and cosy touches it was very easy to feel at home. <br/><br/>For those who are visiting Dublin for the first time this would be a great and easy location with great links to public transport. <br/>Will definitely contact Eleanor to stay again when returning to Dublin750 The Apartment was located close to the center of the city and public transport was reach within a few minutes walk.<br/>Description featured two Bathrooms but one of them was only a simple toilet. Also the water tank for hot water is very small, so that only two people can take a short hot shower. For 4 people this was a little bit annoying.<br/>Otherwise communication with the host was very fast and kind. :)751 The small, very sweet and cute row house from Eleanor is 25 minutes away from the city center.For the Guinness brewery, it is only about 10 minutes on foot.In the immediate vicinity there is a bus stop that leads to the city and also a tram line. <br/> <br/> The house itself offers enough space for four people.Everything is extremely tastefully decorated, very stylish and modern.<br/> The living space with included kitchen is the center of the house.Here is also a beautiful courtyard. <br/> In the basement there is a toilet. <br/> <br/> A narrow staircase leads to the upper floor to the two bedrooms and the bathroom.Both bedrooms are sufficiently large and the beds are quite comfortable, everything is also very tasteful.<br/> <br/> in front of the house, certainly not to be underestimated in Dublin, there is a parking space that, although it may not seem that, is enough for a big car. <br/> <br/> The neighborhoodis pretty quiet.There is a supermarket at 2-3 minutes.After we did not get so clear by public transport (it was a bit difficult to get a ticket that is responsible for bus and train), we only ran or drove by car, but this is not a problem. <br/> <BR/> Overall, you can only say that the house is great, communication with Eleanor was very friendly and everything was mega uncomplicated.<br/> <br/> Absolutely recommended!752 The host canceled this reservation 13 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.753 It is a beautiful house!If you are planning to stay for a few days I definitely recommend this house.Eleanor responded very quickly and the house was very clean and had everything necessary to enjoy the trip.754 Eleanor's home is really lovely <br/>Very clean and decorated with a lot of taste <br/>Everything needed was there <br/>It'very close to tram (under 5 mn by feet) and less than 20 mn to temple bar by feet)<br/>Eleanor gives us good advices for pub addresses <br/>We warmly recommend <br/>Jeff and Virginie755 Eleanor’s home was beautiful and there were 2 guitars, which were an added bonus for my son.  We were close to James station, which was about 10 min ride into the city center. The house is in a very cute and quiet neighborhood.<br/><br/>The place was perfect - the only issue we had was there was no hot water during our stay. We texted her a few times and she tried to troubleshoot, but no luck. After we left she realized the boiler was not working at all. If you’re planning to stay there, I would suggest testing the water with Eleanor to make sure it works before she leaves.756 Great house, renovated beautifully. Eleanor was a very friendly and responsive host. It is an old house so has a small water tank so plan in advance. Parking right outside but very narrow entrance - standard car fine, estate would be extremely tight to manoeuvre in and out.757 This house is about a 30 minute walk to the some of the attractions in the temple bar area. There is onsite parking but it is very tight. We did not get a tour of the place so some amenities we couldn't use such as the fireplaces. As a result we had to use space heaters to heat the ground floor upon arrival.758 The Eleanor's house is really nicely decorated and is located in a quiet neighborhood near many sights.Unfortunately, the toilet flushing was defective during our stay, so that it could only be used with the use of some craftsmanship.Otherwise, however, an absolutely successful stay, especially because communication with Eleanor was absolutely unproblematic.759 Eleanors place is lovely and it's in a really nice part of town which is really quiet but close to the city centre. Some of the decorative details of the house have changed and there are a few childrens items and toys around including a crib in one room which I feel is worth noting. Communication was a little tricky at times as we had issues with the booking and then another miscommunication about the check in process but overall I would recommend this listing. Thanks again!760 very comfortable place close to the fatima luas stop, <br/>jose and vadym are very welcoming and treated me very well. <br/>will stay again hopefully.761 Vadym and Jose are great hosts and a lovely couple. They took really good care of me during my stay and made me very welcome in their home. <br/>They really went out of their way to make my time in Dublin special; treating me as a friend not just a guest, and sharing stories about their travels and life in Dublin over beautiful home-cooked meals. <br/>The place itself is a modern apartment in a brand new secure building, adorned with some great art and photography. The bathroom is immaculately clean and the bedroom is very comfortable. It has everything you could need including good wifi and is perfectly situated nearby the luas (tram) stop and a short walk from Temple Bar (the bar district in town). <br/>I really enjoyed my stay with Jose and Vadym and my only regret is that I didn't stay longer! Would gladly visit again in the future.762 Jose and Vadym were amazing hosts from the moment I contacted them. It was only a week before Christmas and still they replied within minutes. Their apartment is beautiful and immaculately kept, and the room with en-suite was bright, spacious, and very clean, all in all it was perfect accommodation. <br/><br/>They are both incredibly friendly and welcoming hosts, and we very much enjoyed the conversations we had with them. They even made us nice breakfasts on both the mornings we were there. They are both very good at cooking, and they gave us some delicious pineapple cake, as well as toast with Jose's homemade quince conserve, and they even made us gingerbread to take with us when we left.<br/><br/>They clearly really enjoy hosting and they are naturals at it; two incredibly interesting and friendly guys and I do hope I'll get to stay with them again someday. Can't recommend them enough, if you're looking for a perfect stay in Dublin then look no further!763 Great hosts, a cozy room and a very nice shared space.  Jose and Vadym really went the extra mile to make sure that we were comfortable during the whole stay.  It felt like we were staying with friends instead of hosts.  They offered some delicious jams along with bread, we got lucky and got a full Irish breakfast.  Would definitely recommend anyone to stay with them.<br/><br/>The best way from the airport is to the the 747 bus to Heuston LUAS (Dublin tram) station and then take the LUAS to Fatima, the apartment is one block from the station.764 It is very familary and so kindly. Teresa and her husband help wherever they can. Beautiful stay.765 Teresa was an amazing hostess! Her home was very welcoming and she even gave us lots of ideas for places to visit in Ireland. She is so pleasant to talk to and she made our stay in Dublin wonderful. I would highly recommend any Dublin traveler to stay with Teresa and her family; an awesome experience!!!766 I did not manage to meet Teresa but her husband Hughie was around. He has been a very easy going host, and I have an enjoyable time chatting with him over various occasions. The place was at a very convenient location even though not in city centre. The walk to tram station is about 15 min and it takes just another 15 min or so to reach city centre by tram. And perhaps being away from the city centre means its a more quiet and tranquil location for a short stay of 6 days for me. I enjoyed the birds chirping in the garden early in the morning. Overall, I have a pleasant stay.767 Fantasic host and cottage. Very tidy house with nice bedrooms. Close to trams straight into the central city.<br/>Teresa and family were very friendly and helpful. They had plenty of advice to give on what to do around Dublin and also had lots of pamphlets. <br/><br/>Thanks very much for making our stay in Dulbin so nice.768 I have been at the holly cottage with my 4 year old daughter and we had really a very pleasant time! Teresa and her family were so kind! They gave us a lot of tips where to go, they gave us every morning a breakfast (and for my daughter there was something to eat the whole day , too)  and they even gave us a lift at 3 o`clock in the  morning to the aircoach. Thanks a lot for that!!!! My daughter loved the family and we had a great time there!769 I stayed with Teresa, Hughie and Emma for a week when I first arrived in Dublin from Australia. I honestly cannot describe what a lovely, caring and friendly family they are. They went above and beyond anything I expected to make me feel at home and welcome in their house. I loved sitting around with them in the evening and chatting and laughing - they are one of the most entertaining families you will ever meet! Their house is a beautifully decorated, bright and comfortable cottage and from the moment I arrived, I felt completely at home and really enjoyed sitting in the kitchen listening to the birds and looking out at the garden. I am so lucky to have stayed with such generous and kind people. I will miss my Irish family and hope they will come and visit me in Australia one day soon.770 Staying with Teresa and Hugh at Holly Cottage was absolutely fantastic!<br/>We were very warmly welcomed and immediately felt at home. The house was full of good spirit and the hosts were kind, generous, thoughtful, encouraging, and supportive folks who wanted us to relax and enjoy our stay with them in Dublin.<br/>We can't say enough good about Teresa and Hugh! I can say that we didn't want to leave.<br/>The next time we're in Dublin, we will surely be staying at Holly Cottage!771 What a lovely start to our trip to Ireland!  If you want the comforts of home while exploring Dublin - stay here.  Teresa and Hugh were gracious hosts and such fun to get to know as well.  Their home is well located to transit for central Dublin (15 minute walk in very safe neighborhood).  The twin room had a nice closet for us to keep our stuff and feel very comfortable.  Enjoy!772 We had a great time staying with Teresa. She is a fun and thoughtful host, and her family is very welcoming. Good location in a nice neighbourhood out of Dublin, but still close - a 7 minute walk to the Luas Tram and a 10 minute walk to Dundrum Shopping Centre. Thanks guys!773 I stayed here for almost 2 months and it was a fantastic place to call home. Teresa, Hughie, and Emma were all very welcoming and provided everything that I needed as well as lots of helpful information for getting around Ireland. If I have the chance to go back I would love to stay here again!774 I recently stayed with Teresa, Hughi and Emma.  I had the most pleasant stay with them.  They were all so helpful and courteous.  They are truly amazing people...I can not stress that enough.  I felt like family right from the start.  If you are considering their accomodations, I highly recommend their Holly Cottage, it is so inviting and you will not find more genuine, kind and caring people in all of Ireland.   Thank you to Teresa, Hughi and Emma for making my first time in Dublin so memorable !!  I will miss you !!775 Everything about our stay here was perfect! The location, the breakfasts, the rooms and bathroom, nothing could've been better. Quiet area, super close to easy transportation, perfect bed, tea whenever we wanted... Even so, we were most impressed with the lovely, hospitable nature of Teresa as well as Hughie and Emma. All three went out of their way to make sure we knew what we needed to know and had everything we required. They let us meander through their home more or less as we pleased, and Dublin would not have been the same had we not chosen them. Can't imagine more accommodating, gracious hosts!776 They were so nice I had to stay with them twice.<br/><br/>777 We had a wonderful time in Dublin, not least because of the awsome hospatility of Jose. Unfortunately we haven't met Vadim because he was traveling during that time. <br/>Jose is the best host you can imagine! Always helpful and polite and he really takes care of his guests. You can have some great conversations with him. He also offered us to take everything we see in the fridge and prepared some breakfast for us.<br/>The room and the flat is very very nice. Modern furniture and a comfortable bed. <br/>It is also very easy to find if you stick to the describtion of Jose and Vadim.<br/>Thanks again for hosting us. All the best to you two.<br/><br/>Greetings from Hannover, Germany<br/>Denise & Johano778 Jose and Vadym were wonderful hosts!  They both did so much to make me feel welcome in their home, and as a tourist in Dublin.  The room I stayed in was very comfortable and had a cute private balcony.  From lovely food that they made, to giving me suggestions about sightseeing trips, to generally treating me like an old friend rather than a "boarder" they are wonderful people to stay with and I highly recommend them.  The apartment is also very convenient to public transportation, and easy to find!779 Jose and Vadim are the greatest hosts you can imagine-<br/>I´ve stayed there for almost 3 weeks and was at work most of the time, but coming home tired after work and meeting those friendly guys was just nice.<br/>They are always open for a nice chat, offer you some food (f.e. delicious pancakes! Sometimes even with Vadim´s super-cute colleagues.) or just a cup of tea. But they also leave you alone if you need some rest or privacy.<br/><br/>I had a great time there and would visit them again anytime.<br/>I can highly recommend staying with Jose and Vadim.<br/><br/>Thanks for the pleasant stay!<br/><br/>Jens780 Jose and Vadym are amazing hosts, incredibly friendly and very pleasant conversationalists. They were very happy to answer all kind of questions about Dublin and share insights about Ireland. Needless to say, the bedroom and bathroom were spotlessly clean.<br/><br/>Also the pillows in the bedroom as real comfy!781 Jose and Vadym are great guys, very accomodating and friendly<br/>the ginger fat cat is so very cute and beautiful :)<br/>the place I believe is the most clean house I seen ever<br/>the room is perfect with balcony and nice view<br/>I hope this is not the last time for me to stay with them<br/>thank you very much guys  :)782 The room is nice, with balcony, near center of Dublin, and breakfasts were yummy. <br/>Hosts Jose and Vadym told us a lot about Dublin, were friendly and extra helpful. We had a nice time and if ever in Dublin in future, we would like to stay there again.783 Jose and Vadym aka my Dublin angels.<br/>They're the best thing that could happen to you when you first get in Dublin. They're super kind and friendly and their place is flawless, super clean, welcoming and beautiful. I loved every minute spent in their home and I will definitely ask them to accomodate me again whenever I'll be heading back to Dublin.<br/>Go for them!!784 Jose and Vadym were gracious & kind.  The apartment was lovely and clean - a pleasure to spend time in.  Our stay was short, but our hosts were very helpful and welcoming.  Thank you so much for the lovely breakfast! We would love to stay again on our next visit to Dublin!785 The stay was very pleasant at Vadym and José's house.The apartment is very beautiful and very clean, it is also a short walk from the city center.Vadym was very attentive with us offering us all kinds of tips and help to visit Dublin.After a long day of tourism it is fantastic to get home and have a coffee with a delicious cake specially prepared for us.<br/> Thank you for everything.<br/> Fatima786 My husband and I had a great time with Jose and Vadym, who are both charming.  They welcomed us into their lovely apartment and really meant it when they told us to make ourselves at home.  They looked after us extremely well.  Nothing was too much trouble.<br/><br/>Our bedroom was lovely.  So was our bathroom.  The whole apartment was bright, airy and comfortable ... a lovely space to be in.  Everywhere was spotlessly clean.  There are super views from the living room.<br/><br/>Jose and Vadym obviously enjoy life.  We had many interesting conversations that grew up around cups of tea.  Vadym is a photographer and Jose an artist.  Some of their work is on the walls which brings a real sense of energy to their apartment.<br/><br/>With both Jose and Vadym there is an obvious generosity of spirit when it comes to the hands-on hosting but also with regard to attention to detail ... those little things that, if there, make all the difference.  Everything is done to make you feel relaxed and comfortable.  And Jose makes great scrambled eggs.<br/><br/>It is certainly worth mentioning, also, that the tram stops directly outside the apartment, which makes travelling into the City centre very easy indeed.<br/><br/>We would definitely choose to stay with these guys again.787 Jose and Vadym were wonderful hosts! They treat you like good friends and allow you to use all the amenities of the house. The room was very clean and cozy. The location is right near the tram line, which is extremely convenient. Wish we could have stayed longer. Made for a perfect St. Patrick's day weekend!788 Nice room and apartment with friendly and fun hosts. Secure underground parking was a bonus especially so close to central dublin. the luas stop 'fatima' is a few minutes walk away and will have you in central dublin in 10 mins. also very close to the guinness brewery. we also were offered tea and coffee as well as breakfast. all in all a great location, good apartment and great hosts.789 One thank you to these two great people. A welcome completes, a comfortable room, an apartment decorated tastefully but especially a unique human experience!<br/>Thank you thank you thank you!!!<br/><br/>special kiss for the tiger !!!790 We really enjoyed our stay with Jose and Vadym! They are very pleasant conversationalists and were very helpful with suggestions of what to see and do in Dublin while we noshed on the delicious breakfast they had for us each morning! Their home is also in the perfect location for traveling in and out of the city with ease while still getting a view of rolling Irish hills in the distance. We would love to stay with them again if we ever get a chance to go back to Dublin (:791 Staying at Jose and Vadym was perfect for us. The apartment is extremely easy to find and very comfortable. The hosts are welcoming and provide you with all the information you need. If you want to visit Dublin, stay with them.792 We would definitely recommend Jose and Vadym's place. They are wonderful hosts, kind, helpful and friendly. The location is brilliant - cross the street and you are at the tram station - excellent location for visiting Dublin.793 I would rate my stay at Jose and Vadym's place as a "6 star" if I could. Hosts are very thoughtful and friendly, I felt well cared of all the time. Vadym called me in advance to explain how to get to their place in detail and even sent me a plan. Their apartment is  stylish and cozy, and immaculately clean. I enjoyed communicating with the guys a lot, too. My only regret was that I had to leave so soon – I wish I could stay for a couple of days longer :) Definitely looking forward to staying at their place again once I am visiting Dublin next time. And recommend to anyone – 120%.794 Firstly, I want to thanks for the support and personal availability from the beginning, even before my stay in your home. I enjoyed very much the room as well as the decoration. The room was bright and very comfortable. I felt like at home.<br/><br/>From my point of view, the image of «AirBnb» it’s represented from Vadym and Jose hospitality because there are the perfect hosts!<br/><br/>It was a pleasant stay for one week and I hope to return as soon I can and for the next time I won’t forget to take the Cod Fish (Bacalhau)!<br/><br/>I wish you both much success. <br/>Thank you very much.<br/><br/>Vasco<br/>795 Vadym and Jose are very nice hosts and it's a great pleasure to stay with them. They make you feel comfortable and help you with all kind of questions about Dublin, public transports … The apartment and guest room are very welcoming, light and beautiful. A good place to stay when going to Dublin:-)<br/>796 Lovely and very friendly place. If you are visiting Dublin you have to stay here.<br/><br/>Thanks a lot!797 Perfect stay in Dublin in this very comfortable double bedroom. Jose & Vadym are just fantastic hosts. I strongly recommend staying in their flat if you want to visit Dublin as it's really close to the Tram station. They are very friendly guys and will make you feel like at home! That's what airbnb is all about :)798 We really enjoyed our stay with Jose and Vadym.  They were both excellent hosts and tried to help in any way they could.  Jose even came into the city with me to help me look for a doctor as I was unwell with a cough. I wish I had taken Jose's advice about transport from the airport.  I should have taken the AirLink (bus 447) to Heuston station.  Very direct  option to their place.  Thank you for an enjoyable stay and we fully recommend their room to all.799 Had a lovely stay with Jose and Vadym.  We did not get to meet Jose but Vadym was extremely welcoming and warm and genuinely interested in us as people and our stay in Dublin.<br/>The room was spotless and perfect for our needs, with a private balcony off the room for our use.<br/>The flat is in a great location, very close to the Guiness Factory and an easy walk into town.  Or there is the tram which is very frequent and 1 minute walk from there flat.<br/>I would highly recommend staying with Vadym and Jose and will definetely look them up again for my next trip to Dublin.<br/>Thank you guys.800 I had a great stay at Jose and Vadym's home and wish I could've stayed longer. I can definitely recommend them!801 GOOD MEMORY FROM DUBLIN<br/>VADYM AND JOSE WERE WELL , DISPONIBLE TO GIVE US INFORMATIONS<br/>USEFULL<br/>IT IS A GOOD ADRESS TO STAY802 We had a brilliant stay with Jose and Vadym. They were so kind and welcoming. They also gave us some great tips on what to do in Dublin and had a clean and beautiful apartment. It was very convenient in that it was located on the fatima luas stop and it was only an 8 euro taxi from the bottom of O'Connell street after a night out.803 We had a wonderful stay with Jose and Vadym!  Their apartment was spotless,  and they are very acomodating.  It was like visiting with old friends.  Getting to the city center couldn't be easier, as access to the Luas tram into town is across the street.  We highly recommend staying with them when you are in Dublin.804 These two were fantastic hosts! They have a cat yet their home was immaculate. No evidence of fur. They at are helpful with getting into the city center, quick to offer you tea or coffee. Made you feel very welcome and at home. We highly recommend staying with them. Good location!805 Fantastic guys! Wonderful space and incredibly considerate. Would love to stay again someday.806 PERFECT! Jose & Vadym are the most wonderful hosts you can imagine in a great, clean & convenient location! If u get the chance - go stay with them!! <br/><br/>Jose & Vadym - whenever you make it to Gemany-as I have said before-you are MORE THAN WELCOME to stay at my place in Stuttgart!! (Even though I am probably not going to bake a cake! ;) )807 REVIEW JOSÉ VADYM<br/><br/>Really charming hosts, very helpfull and  open minded.<br/>The apartment  was in a secure and safe area, easy to reach by Luas. We got mail with a detailed map before our arrival, so the place was easy to find and they were quick in responding to questions.<br/>Nice beds and bathroom, everything  very clean and great breakfast. Their philosophy is: “mi casa es su casa.”<br/>Our hosts  live in Dublin for many years and cherish Dublin and Ireland as if it was their native country. Besides their jobs they like to paint and to photograph. They own a cat which takes a lot of care; they do that with much patience  and love.<br/>We highly recommend José and Vadym for a pleasant stay in Dublin.<br/>808 We had a wonderful stay at Jose and Vadym's place; They both are really nice and friendly. Jose's homemade coffee is the best we had during our 12 days stay in Ireland !! :D Their appartment is really nice, and they have really good accomadations to go to the city center. <br/>We recommand to everybody who would like to visit Dublin to stay at their place!!809 We had a fantastic time here! Jose and Vadym are the nicest guys ever. We enjoyed chatting with them about Dublin, traveling, and Jose's art. The breakfast was awesome and the apartment is extremely convenient to the tram that gets you into the heart of the city in 10 minutes. Oh, and if they make a cake you have to try it. Absolutely delicious.810 I loved the 3 days spent at Jose and Vadym, they are really welcoming, generous and friendly hosts.They are present and helping at the slightest need expressed.The room is pleasant, clean and exactly as shown on the site.<br/> I will recommend to friends who will come to Dublin.811 Jose and Vadim were extremely nice, friendly, and helpful. They provided maps and tips of what to do and how to get around Dublin. Their home is very lovely and clean. We enjoyed the private balcony and private bathroom as well. The neighborhood was quiet and only a few minutes walk from the Guinness storehouse. And there is a bus stop and tram stop just outside their apartment.  Overall we really enjoyed our 2 night stay with them!812 Hello, we really enjoyed our stay with Jose and Vadym.The two are super friendly, we were able to use everything, had their own bathroom with top equipment (shaving cream ...).From the location of the apartment you can reach everything on foot, the Guinnes brewery is all around the corner ;-).With the directions we found the apartment without any problems.Everything perfect!We can fully recommend Jose and Vadym !!813 Jose and Vadym are both very friendly and easy going! <br/><br/>The house is extremely incredible! i could stay in the room without going out for the whole day! it feels just like a resort and some getaway from the hustle and bustle. What you see is what you get! comfortable bed and pillow! <br/><br/>clean house and everything is perfect! <br/><br/>Very near to the tram station. so is very accessible! <br/><br/>stay with them and you will not regret! worth every penny you spend :)814 Great place. Comfy and spacious apartment. <br/>Good location, bus stop and super market around the corner.<br/><br/>Extensive equipment like washing machine, dish washer, toaster, micro-wave and dishes. Everything you need.<br/><br/>Very friendly and supportive host.815 Liam's apartment was absolutely fabulous, and Liam and his wife are very gracious hosts. The apartment was perfectly cozy for our family Christmas celebration, and our Christmas dinner from Soulful Bistro was truly a delight, thank you Moira and Saray!! Liam has assured you will have everything you may need to have an extremely successful stay, down to the coffee press, which was used on a daily basis to the very comfy beds, with fluffy duvets, which at the end of very eventful daily Dublin sightseeing excursions was a luxurious treat for us all.  We loved our stay so much that we are already booking our Summer vacation and planning on a 2 week travel through Ireland. We send our love and gratitude to all those we met and made lasting relations with and we look forward to seeing everyone very soon !  Sincerely, The Shankos, Summerville, SC816 The property was fantastic: clean and very well located (close to a supermarket and bus stops to downtown Dublin). Liam was extremely helpful and easy to work with, I would definitely rent from him again.<br/>You will love this place as your base to Dublin.817 Liam was a gracious host and set us up with a driver from the airport at a reasonable rate for the 5 of us with 5 large bags. He met us at the apartment and got us squared away. We found the apartment clean and comfortable for the 5 of us.   The neighborhood is perfectly safe with great bus connections to the city centre.... only 10 minutes or so riding time. The buses were frequent and efficient. We would stay here again if visiting Dunlin. Thank you, Liam.818 Liam was a welcoming host who made us feel at home. The apartment was clean, warm and very comfortable, with useful amenities like a washing machine. It is handy to the centre of Dublin, and close to the Phoenix Park but has on street parking if required.<br/><br/>I will definitely come back here next time I am in Dublin, and would not hesitate to recommend it to others.819 We were 5 friends sharing the place and we really liked and enjoyed being there. Liam was a great host, and help us with everything we needed it. The place was cosy, clean and had for us a few nice things like coffee, salt, milk, bread... to use. It was close enough to the city center, not to worry too much about spending a lot of money in transport and with a super market 5min walking from the place. Really handy! :) The only but to say about it was that the sofa-bed, that was a bit uncomfortable, but even though, it's been totally worth it to rent it and we'd definitely repeat the experience. :)820 <br/>The apartment was very nice. It had everything we needed. It had a couple of buses that went near the apartment to help us travel where ever we wanted to go. The supermarket was in walking distance. Liam assisted with questions and helped arranged our airport travels which made the trip stress free.821 We had a lovely time in Dublin! The flag was beautifully decorated and furnished and was well equipped. One of the perks of staying in the flat was that we could self-cater. We were able to make ourselves a great fry up and a good dinner with very little difficulty. There were 6 of us staying in the apartment very comfortably. Two of us were on the sofa bed and we had no problems setting this up and had a very restful nights sleep. Our only criticism of the flat was the location of the bathroom. To get to the bathroom you have to go through the bedroom where the other four guests were sleeping which was not always ideal. The shower also comfortably has enough hot water for 5 decent showers in a row, so we took it in turns as to who was to have the last shower as the water would be quite cool by the time the last person had finished. All this being said the flat really was beautiful and we had no other qualms with the flat at all. Liam also helpfully arranged transport for us to and from the airport! The driver very kindly provided us with maps and then as we arrived quite late he stopped at the flat so we could put our stuff down then drove us to tesco for no extra charge. The flat is well located. It is about a 20 minute walk from the nearest tram station but if the weather had been nice we would have happily walked the extra distance into the city centre. There was a bus strike on for two days whilst we were there but on the Sunday we were able to get the bus straight into town. The flat is on a bus route. We were also able to get two taxis into town on the Saturday night for €15 per taxi. So in terms of location, it was perfect! As mentioned tesco's is just round the corner for those who do want to self cater. There is also a local pub down the road called Hynes Bar. This is very much a locals pub but when we got there we found all the locals were very friendly and came over and spoke to us. On our first night one of the locals even bought us a round of drinks to welcome us to Dublin! Lastly, although Liam couldn't greet us at the airport himself he did come and visit on the Saturday morning to check everything was ok with the flat and that we had settled in ok. Liam was also on hand via the app to answer any and all questions at a moments notice which was also greatly appreciated. <br/><br/>Overall we has a wonderful time in Dublin and Liam's flat was the perfect base for us. Well decorated, well located, well furnished, well equipped and all in a brilliant host! Would highly recommend!822 Liam is an excellent host and makes you feel welcomed.   He was very helpful getting us accustomed to the location we were staying in relation to the various sights around the city.823 Apartment was very nice, the host provided all necessary information and everything was as expected based on the listing.824 The house I booked was exactly as described.The very comfortable place, near the park and a few minutes by bus (4 lines) from the city center.A large supermarket very close.The apartment was very comfortable, so much so that you want to spend the evenings at home ... the perfect welcome, clear explanations and the availability of Liam excellent even during the stay.The possibility of booking a transfer to and from the airport was very comfortable.The person who does this service is very kind and already by taxi you feel at home.I recommend it to all those who want to feel at home in Dublin!825 Liam was very nice and there to greet us when we got to the apartment!826 The apartment was great and had everything we needed. It felt cosy and we felt at home during our 6 weeks stay. The bed and sofa were really comfortable and the kitchen was adequate. The bus stop is located just afew steps out the front door and the bus ride is about 15mins to city centre. There is also tesco and a halal food store located about 5mins walk away. Phoenix park, the dublin zoo and heuston train station are also nearby, takes less than 30mins on foot. Liam is also very friendly and he checks in on us whenever he can to make sure that we were comfortable. Overall great experience, highly recommended! (:827 A huge thank you to Liam for his warm welcome and everything he had provided for us: fresh bread, fruit, dublin plan and explanations from the neighborhood (where to eat, what pub, the closest supermarket ...)<br/> It has simplified our lives a lot!And the apartment is just to die for, large and bright, we would have thought in a film!Unbelievable !I didn't want to leave ... in addition to being at a few bus stops in the center or 30 minutes on foot (which we have chosen)!This stay finished our honeymoon in style and I will go back is sure!828 What a beautiful apartment. The location was great. At first when we pulled up I was a little hesitant because there were several apartments that were vacant and from where we are from that means it may not be a safe neighborhood. We didn't find this to be true here. Older kids, women and college age females walk alone until late in the evening. This was a great accommodation with everything you need. Kitchen was well equipped. We'd book this again.829 Our very first airbnb experience, and a standard hotel booking simply cannot compare. A lovely apartment, ideal for our family of four, with super-comfortable beds, a modern clean washroom, and generous cozy sitting and dining area. Location was perfect - quiet and removed from the downtown core, yet a comfortable walk or easy bus ride to central Dublin. An excellent grocery store is a five  minute walk. Warm attentive owners, quick to respond to emails. We would not hesitate to stay there again.830 This apartment was fantastic! It was very spacious and comfortably slept the six of us. The interior and kitchen were also very nice. Liam was very welcoming and helpful in making our stay in Dublin a great one. He helped set up a driver to take us to the airport in under half an hour, and also was very quick to respond to any emails I sent. I would highly recommend this apartment to any prospective renters831 Liam was a great host! Very nice, helpful and communication with him was very easy. He gave a lot of great tips to find around town, which was nice. <br/>The apartment was great too - beautiful, clean and enough space for two people. Also it was in a nice neighborhood and also in a good spot regarding public transportation. It was really easy to get to the city center. <br/>We enjoyed our stay at Liam's and would love to come back some day!832 Everything was perfect !The bedding is of good quality, our host has reserved the driver for us, the apartment is very well equipped, it is sublime, well heated, well located just next to a bus stop and a small supermarket.We were 6 and all of us appreciated our stay.833 The district is very far from the center (35min walk) and without charm.<br/> The building is very noisy, we were on the ground floor and heard noise and feel the odors of cigarettes until late in the night (people discuss and smoke in the corridor).<br/> For those who sleep on the sofa bed, you will be cold at night (the windows are badly isolated) and very bad back in the morning !!<br/> Positive points: transfer from the airport for 35 € even late at night.Owner's responsiveness in the event of a problem.834 The apartment was spacious, very well equipped and clean.It is not located near the center but public transport allows you to access it quickly (max. 15mn).The supermarket, pharmacy are less than 3 minutes away.I highly recommend this apartment.Liam responded very quickly to any requests for information by email.Thank you again for this beautiful place835 This apartment is wonderful, very nice and comfortable even with a large group of 6 people. We were only a 30 minutes walk from central Dublin and the bus stop was right outside so it was easy to get to and from the city. Liam was always prompt about replying to any questions that we had and he arranged for a driver to get us to and from the airport which was so great for us.836 Liam's place was great.  It is very close to public transportation and walking distance to shopping and dining. <br/><br/>Our family of five was very comfortable in the flat. <br/><br/>Liam was very easy to communicate with. We had a power outage in the area and Liam was very responsive to keep us up to date when the power would be restored.837 Comfortable apartment located 20 min walk from the bar temple.Pubs and restaurants are nearby.Liam is a very accommodating host available for his hosts.I recommend!838 The apartment was an easy taxi ride to Dublin center, and a grocery store was a convenient 3 minute walk away839 We loved staying at Fiona and Liam's place. We were greeted by Fiona with a wealth of information about the city, and in particular things to do as a family. She also brought us fresh bread, fruit, butter, and milk. <br/><br/>The bus stops were very convenient to the apartment and there was a full grocery store within a 5 min walk. <br/><br/>Also, the communication between us and the host was great. They quickly responded to any questions we had. I would highly recommend staying here.840 Super delighted with this stay in Ireland.Thanks to Liam who took care that a taxi recover us at the airport and brings us back (for a total of 70th all the same, but bus level would have been complicated the apartment is 25mn by car from theAeropot ...).RORRY (the driver) was very friendly.A little far from the city center of Berlin but on foot it is quite feasible (30 minutes).On the other hand it was cold in the apartment when I got home.The surrounding ads do not serve food, a bit of a shame but Liam has indicated to us a supermarket very easy to find. <br/> Functional and practical apartment841 The apartment reflects the published photos and is clean.The bus stop for the center is very close.Phoenix Park can be reached on foot in a few minutes.The area is quiet.I would recommend it to friends.842 Liam was a great host, communicating clearly and making sure we had all the information we needed. <br/>The apartment is spacious and provides everything you need. If you're traveling by car parking is also easy right outside.843 This house was in a great location and very comfortable. The decor was very pretty with everything in great working order. Liam and the house keeper Carmen were very kind, even allowing us to check in a little early when we arrived sooner than we planned. I would definitely recommend this stay to anyone else visiting Dublin.844 Great space Cleaner and comfortable me and my family really enjoyed our staying in this place845 The apartment was very nice as everything is remodeled. Liam was easy to deal with and was quick to answer any additional questions that we had. I would stay here again846 Great stay at liams, very clean and off the beaten path .847 Lovely apartment very helpful hosts all round 100/100848 Stayed with 4 other friends could walk everywhere we needed to go and get taxis back at night time which was cheap. Brilliant check in and seem less stay. Thank you849 Great apartment.Quite close to the center.All very new, inside a very beautiful home.The experience has been very good.850 Very clean house.Liam charming, he has helped us a lot in our visit to Dublin.851 Fantastic apartment, you won’t find friendlier or more helpful hosts - everything from tranfers/ transportation, where to eat, things to do, bus routes, maps, early check-in time to accomodate our early flights... everything was catered for.852 We really enjoyed our stay in Dublin in Liam's apartment.We were picked up at the airport and were given a short tour on arrival.There was a city map ready and we were given an explanation with how we could walk to the center, where the pubs, shops, supermarket and restaurants were. <br/> It was a nice and clean stay, and definitely recommended!853 Good place to stay, 45 min walk from town, really clean, with 2 comfy beds and 1 usable convertible. Liam was available for us by phone and email854 We had a lovely stay at Liam’s apartment, communication was great and the driver that picked us up at the airport was so nice and gave us great suggestions on what to do in Dublin. The apartment was very clean and had all necessities, it’s also close to the city center and had a bus stop right in front of it. The only thing that wasn’t really great was the shower, it was clean but the water pressure was literally nothing, so it was very hard to wash our hair especially if because we all had thick hair.  We still<br/>managed though ( it just took a bit longer ) and all in all we’d recommend the apartment 👍🏼855 The apartment is clean, well furbished, heated and is not too far from city centre with bus line 46a and 39. Luas (tramway) is a 10 mns walk. A place to recommend856 Great place in Dublin. In walking distance of shops and 30mins to town.857 BRAVO !858 Liam and Fiona were fantastic hosts. They went above and beyond to accommodate myself and 4 friends on our stay in Dublin. Apartment was perfect for what we wanted. Was a 20/30min walk into the main city centre but lots of taxis available if wanted. <br/>Would recommend and would stay again!859 Very good ! Lovely accommodation ! The only problem was the shower whom sometimes work and sometimes not860 A beautiful and unique space that worked just fine for five adults. Two markets within a 5 minute walk was convenient. The 20-25 minute walk to city Centre worked out nicely since we could get away from some of the busy tourist spots and discover some local places like Clarke’s City Arms pub. Also quite a few cozy restaurants and coffee shops within a few minutes walk. Overall a wonderful stay with Liam!861 The apartment is really cozy and comfortable. <br/>It was clean and only 20 min from center by walk. <br/>Fiona was really nice with us. Thank you for all!!862 The apartment was exactly as pictured, close to a local market and not too far from city center! We loved it, definitely a great experience.863 Enjoyed a great weekend, thank you for your kind and helpful hospitality!864 A very lovely place near the very cool Phoenix Park & cool neighborhood Stoneybatter. Super great on being in touch and offered great recommendations! <br/><br/>Thanks!!865 My mom and I really enjoyed our stay and the Kavanagh cottage. If you want a place where you feel free to make yourself at home, this is the place for it! Sure, it doesn't have the luxuries of a 5-star hotel, but that is NOT what we were looking for. Teresa and her husband are an endearing Irish couple who were very eager to help us plan our days in the Dublin area. The beds were comfy, and we had an overall great time, despite the nasty weather we had.<br/>Best of luck to you and your family, Teresa, and happy geocaching!!866 My mom and I stayed with the Kavanagh family for a week and really enjoyed the experience. Although we got a little confused in the beginning by the repetition of street names in the neighborhood, once we got our barings we loved the location: a quiet, clean, cute neigborhood with great access to the Luas and bus into Dublin.  We had no problems with the internet or hot water for showers.<br/><br/>I was a little cold in the cottage, but I was given hot water bottles, blankets from the family who also provided all the information we could have asked for, ideas of things to do, local maps, etc. Lastly, we loved starting the mornings having tea with the family. We would stay here again and would recommend it highly to others.867 I can't say enough about Teresa and her beautiful family and home right outside of Dublin.  They live in a gorgeous cottage in Churchtown--about 4 miles (or 6 tram stops) away from Dublin and 3 miles from the coast.  We were greeted with open arms by Huey and Teresa.  They also provided us with maps and good suggestions for things to do in and around the city.  For anyone looking to enjoy your stay in Dublin, I highly recommend this place.868 My husband and I spent three nights at Teresa and Hugh's and really enjoyed our stay.  They were very accommodating (we got in very late the first night) and were very knowledgeable about the area, transportation, etc.  We enjoyed spending time chatting with them and learning more about them and Dublin.869 I couldn't have asked for a better family to stay with while I adjusted to life in Dublin. The Kavanaugh family was so kind and immediately made me feel at home. The bedroom was wonderful and a perfect size for one or two people. Teresa or Hugh were always available for questions or to give advice about the local area and Ireland as a whole. I really enjoyed spending the week exploring their house and observing how they interact. I highly recommend Holly Cottage as a place to stay whether it's for one night or 6 weeks. I plan on visiting Teresa before I leave Ireland!870 Teresa and her husband are wonderful hosts, they opened their home to us and helped us with advises and reservations. The house and the rooms stay open (no keys) which gives an ever more feeling of trust and being at home. We had a cosy room with two comfortable beds and a bathroom to share with others.The car was parked in front of the house, which is very handy in a city. Only 15 minutes walk away is a small local train station from where you can easily reach the center of town in 15 minutes. And 5 minutes walk down the road with a great Deli where you can have breakfast.<br/>871 We really enjoyed our stay and the accommodations did not disappoint.<br/>We walked everywhere we we went and appreciated all the recommendations. What a lovely place to rest at the end of our busy day!872 Nice spot close to town and to public transit. We were able to walk to places like Phoenix Park and Guinness and getting to the city centre was a short taxi ride. The space was also very close to public transit if that’s more your style. The flat is set up with everything you need—comfy couch, TV, beds, washer/dryer, fully functional kitchen, etc. Fiona was very warm and welcoming and helped us out with a map of Dublin and some local suggestions.873 Both very helpful.  Check in and out was quick and easy. So much to around the area. 30 minute walk to the river and Guinness factory but quiet at night.874 Everything was more than good. The house, its location and the very useful information about the city the hosts gave us.<br/>875 Convenient location and lovely apartment.876 Liam and Fiona's place was a great location, clean and comfortable. Would stay here again.877 Five friends stayed here for a weekend in Dublin and had a great time. Liam and Fiona were quick at responding and providing useful tips. Their home was comfortable and warm.878 Wonderful apartment! Great amenities and location! Really enjoyed our weekend in Dublin!879 I think Jose and Vadym might be the perfect airbnb hosts. They truly care about their guests' comfort and experience in Dublin, and are generally friendly and generous. They went out of their way to make us feel at home in their place. The room was comfortable and clean, and the apartment was easily accessible by tram. It was a quick walk to the Guinness factory, and from there a nice walk into downtown. I honestly can't say enough good things about this place, and would recommend it to anyone looking for somewhere to stay in Dublin.880 I had a very pleasant stay with Jose and Vadim, they were really nice and warm and welcoming. The flat was lovely and peaceful with a very comfortable bed. You can catch the tram straight outside(which was fun) and are right in the centre of town in minutes.881 Great room, and our hosts were amazing!882 Jose (Vadym was traveling) is a true pro as a host. Both the practical and personal amenities available made sure I had everything I needed as a guest. You can not go wrong staying with these guys.760 very comfortable place close to the fatima luas stop, <br/>jose and vadym are very welcoming and treated me very well. <br/>will stay again hopefully.761 Vadym and Jose are great hosts and a lovely couple. They took really good care of me during my stay and made me very welcome in their home. <br/>They really went out of their way to make my time in Dublin special; treating me as a friend not just a guest, and sharing stories about their travels and life in Dublin over beautiful home-cooked meals. <br/>The place itself is a modern apartment in a brand new secure building, adorned with some great art and photography. The bathroom is immaculately clean and the bedroom is very comfortable. It has everything you could need including good wifi and is perfectly situated nearby the luas (tram) stop and a short walk from Temple Bar (the bar district in town). <br/>I really enjoyed my stay with Jose and Vadym and my only regret is that I didn't stay longer! Would gladly visit again in the future.762 Jose and Vadym were amazing hosts from the moment I contacted them. It was only a week before Christmas and still they replied within minutes. Their apartment is beautiful and immaculately kept, and the room with en-suite was bright, spacious, and very clean, all in all it was perfect accommodation. <br/><br/>They are both incredibly friendly and welcoming hosts, and we very much enjoyed the conversations we had with them. They even made us nice breakfasts on both the mornings we were there. They are both very good at cooking, and they gave us some delicious pineapple cake, as well as toast with Jose's homemade quince conserve, and they even made us gingerbread to take with us when we left.<br/><br/>They clearly really enjoy hosting and they are naturals at it; two incredibly interesting and friendly guys and I do hope I'll get to stay with them again someday. Can't recommend them enough, if you're looking for a perfect stay in Dublin then look no further!763 Great hosts, a cozy room and a very nice shared space.  Jose and Vadym really went the extra mile to make sure that we were comfortable during the whole stay.  It felt like we were staying with friends instead of hosts.  They offered some delicious jams along with bread, we got lucky and got a full Irish breakfast.  Would definitely recommend anyone to stay with them.<br/><br/>The best way from the airport is to the the 747 bus to Heuston LUAS (Dublin tram) station and then take the LUAS to Fatima, the apartment is one block from the station.764 It is very familary and so kindly. Teresa and her husband help wherever they can. Beautiful stay.765 Teresa was an amazing hostess! Her home was very welcoming and she even gave us lots of ideas for places to visit in Ireland. She is so pleasant to talk to and she made our stay in Dublin wonderful. I would highly recommend any Dublin traveler to stay with Teresa and her family; an awesome experience!!!766 I did not manage to meet Teresa but her husband Hughie was around. He has been a very easy going host, and I have an enjoyable time chatting with him over various occasions. The place was at a very convenient location even though not in city centre. The walk to tram station is about 15 min and it takes just another 15 min or so to reach city centre by tram. And perhaps being away from the city centre means its a more quiet and tranquil location for a short stay of 6 days for me. I enjoyed the birds chirping in the garden early in the morning. Overall, I have a pleasant stay.767 Fantasic host and cottage. Very tidy house with nice bedrooms. Close to trams straight into the central city.<br/>Teresa and family were very friendly and helpful. They had plenty of advice to give on what to do around Dublin and also had lots of pamphlets. <br/><br/>Thanks very much for making our stay in Dulbin so nice.768 I have been at the holly cottage with my 4 year old daughter and we had really a very pleasant time! Teresa and her family were so kind! They gave us a lot of tips where to go, they gave us every morning a breakfast (and for my daughter there was something to eat the whole day , too)  and they even gave us a lift at 3 o`clock in the  morning to the aircoach. Thanks a lot for that!!!! My daughter loved the family and we had a great time there!769 I stayed with Teresa, Hughie and Emma for a week when I first arrived in Dublin from Australia. I honestly cannot describe what a lovely, caring and friendly family they are. They went above and beyond anything I expected to make me feel at home and welcome in their house. I loved sitting around with them in the evening and chatting and laughing - they are one of the most entertaining families you will ever meet! Their house is a beautifully decorated, bright and comfortable cottage and from the moment I arrived, I felt completely at home and really enjoyed sitting in the kitchen listening to the birds and looking out at the garden. I am so lucky to have stayed with such generous and kind people. I will miss my Irish family and hope they will come and visit me in Australia one day soon.770 Staying with Teresa and Hugh at Holly Cottage was absolutely fantastic!<br/>We were very warmly welcomed and immediately felt at home. The house was full of good spirit and the hosts were kind, generous, thoughtful, encouraging, and supportive folks who wanted us to relax and enjoy our stay with them in Dublin.<br/>We can't say enough good about Teresa and Hugh! I can say that we didn't want to leave.<br/>The next time we're in Dublin, we will surely be staying at Holly Cottage!771 What a lovely start to our trip to Ireland!  If you want the comforts of home while exploring Dublin - stay here.  Teresa and Hugh were gracious hosts and such fun to get to know as well.  Their home is well located to transit for central Dublin (15 minute walk in very safe neighborhood).  The twin room had a nice closet for us to keep our stuff and feel very comfortable.  Enjoy!772 We had a great time staying with Teresa. She is a fun and thoughtful host, and her family is very welcoming. Good location in a nice neighbourhood out of Dublin, but still close - a 7 minute walk to the Luas Tram and a 10 minute walk to Dundrum Shopping Centre. Thanks guys!773 I stayed here for almost 2 months and it was a fantastic place to call home. Teresa, Hughie, and Emma were all very welcoming and provided everything that I needed as well as lots of helpful information for getting around Ireland. If I have the chance to go back I would love to stay here again!774 I recently stayed with Teresa, Hughi and Emma.  I had the most pleasant stay with them.  They were all so helpful and courteous.  They are truly amazing people...I can not stress that enough.  I felt like family right from the start.  If you are considering their accomodations, I highly recommend their Holly Cottage, it is so inviting and you will not find more genuine, kind and caring people in all of Ireland.   Thank you to Teresa, Hughi and Emma for making my first time in Dublin so memorable !!  I will miss you !!775 Everything about our stay here was perfect! The location, the breakfasts, the rooms and bathroom, nothing could've been better. Quiet area, super close to easy transportation, perfect bed, tea whenever we wanted... Even so, we were most impressed with the lovely, hospitable nature of Teresa as well as Hughie and Emma. All three went out of their way to make sure we knew what we needed to know and had everything we required. They let us meander through their home more or less as we pleased, and Dublin would not have been the same had we not chosen them. Can't imagine more accommodating, gracious hosts!776 They were so nice I had to stay with them twice.<br/><br/>777 We had a wonderful time in Dublin, not least because of the awsome hospatility of Jose. Unfortunately we haven't met Vadim because he was traveling during that time. <br/>Jose is the best host you can imagine! Always helpful and polite and he really takes care of his guests. You can have some great conversations with him. He also offered us to take everything we see in the fridge and prepared some breakfast for us.<br/>The room and the flat is very very nice. Modern furniture and a comfortable bed. <br/>It is also very easy to find if you stick to the describtion of Jose and Vadim.<br/>Thanks again for hosting us. All the best to you two.<br/><br/>Greetings from Hannover, Germany<br/>Denise & Johano778 Jose and Vadym were wonderful hosts!  They both did so much to make me feel welcome in their home, and as a tourist in Dublin.  The room I stayed in was very comfortable and had a cute private balcony.  From lovely food that they made, to giving me suggestions about sightseeing trips, to generally treating me like an old friend rather than a "boarder" they are wonderful people to stay with and I highly recommend them.  The apartment is also very convenient to public transportation, and easy to find!779 Jose and Vadim are the greatest hosts you can imagine-<br/>I´ve stayed there for almost 3 weeks and was at work most of the time, but coming home tired after work and meeting those friendly guys was just nice.<br/>They are always open for a nice chat, offer you some food (f.e. delicious pancakes! Sometimes even with Vadim´s super-cute colleagues.) or just a cup of tea. But they also leave you alone if you need some rest or privacy.<br/><br/>I had a great time there and would visit them again anytime.<br/>I can highly recommend staying with Jose and Vadim.<br/><br/>Thanks for the pleasant stay!<br/><br/>Jens780 Jose and Vadym are amazing hosts, incredibly friendly and very pleasant conversationalists. They were very happy to answer all kind of questions about Dublin and share insights about Ireland. Needless to say, the bedroom and bathroom were spotlessly clean.<br/><br/>Also the pillows in the bedroom as real comfy!781 Jose and Vadym are great guys, very accomodating and friendly<br/>the ginger fat cat is so very cute and beautiful :)<br/>the place I believe is the most clean house I seen ever<br/>the room is perfect with balcony and nice view<br/>I hope this is not the last time for me to stay with them<br/>thank you very much guys  :)782 The room is nice, with balcony, near center of Dublin, and breakfasts were yummy. <br/>Hosts Jose and Vadym told us a lot about Dublin, were friendly and extra helpful. We had a nice time and if ever in Dublin in future, we would like to stay there again.783 Jose and Vadym aka my Dublin angels.<br/>They're the best thing that could happen to you when you first get in Dublin. They're super kind and friendly and their place is flawless, super clean, welcoming and beautiful. I loved every minute spent in their home and I will definitely ask them to accomodate me again whenever I'll be heading back to Dublin.<br/>Go for them!!784 Jose and Vadym were gracious & kind.  The apartment was lovely and clean - a pleasure to spend time in.  Our stay was short, but our hosts were very helpful and welcoming.  Thank you so much for the lovely breakfast! We would love to stay again on our next visit to Dublin!785 The stay was very pleasant at Vadym and José's house.The apartment is very beautiful and very clean, it is also a short walk from the city center.Vadym was very attentive with us offering us all kinds of tips and help to visit Dublin.After a long day of tourism it is fantastic to get home and have a coffee with a delicious cake specially prepared for us.<br/> Thank you for everything.<br/> Fatima786 My husband and I had a great time with Jose and Vadym, who are both charming.  They welcomed us into their lovely apartment and really meant it when they told us to make ourselves at home.  They looked after us extremely well.  Nothing was too much trouble.<br/><br/>Our bedroom was lovely.  So was our bathroom.  The whole apartment was bright, airy and comfortable ... a lovely space to be in.  Everywhere was spotlessly clean.  There are super views from the living room.<br/><br/>Jose and Vadym obviously enjoy life.  We had many interesting conversations that grew up around cups of tea.  Vadym is a photographer and Jose an artist.  Some of their work is on the walls which brings a real sense of energy to their apartment.<br/><br/>With both Jose and Vadym there is an obvious generosity of spirit when it comes to the hands-on hosting but also with regard to attention to detail ... those little things that, if there, make all the difference.  Everything is done to make you feel relaxed and comfortable.  And Jose makes great scrambled eggs.<br/><br/>It is certainly worth mentioning, also, that the tram stops directly outside the apartment, which makes travelling into the City centre very easy indeed.<br/><br/>We would definitely choose to stay with these guys again.787 Jose and Vadym were wonderful hosts! They treat you like good friends and allow you to use all the amenities of the house. The room was very clean and cozy. The location is right near the tram line, which is extremely convenient. Wish we could have stayed longer. Made for a perfect St. Patrick's day weekend!788 Nice room and apartment with friendly and fun hosts. Secure underground parking was a bonus especially so close to central dublin. the luas stop 'fatima' is a few minutes walk away and will have you in central dublin in 10 mins. also very close to the guinness brewery. we also were offered tea and coffee as well as breakfast. all in all a great location, good apartment and great hosts.789 One thank you to these two great people. A welcome completes, a comfortable room, an apartment decorated tastefully but especially a unique human experience!<br/>Thank you thank you thank you!!!<br/><br/>special kiss for the tiger !!!790 We really enjoyed our stay with Jose and Vadym! They are very pleasant conversationalists and were very helpful with suggestions of what to see and do in Dublin while we noshed on the delicious breakfast they had for us each morning! Their home is also in the perfect location for traveling in and out of the city with ease while still getting a view of rolling Irish hills in the distance. We would love to stay with them again if we ever get a chance to go back to Dublin (:791 Staying at Jose and Vadym was perfect for us. The apartment is extremely easy to find and very comfortable. The hosts are welcoming and provide you with all the information you need. If you want to visit Dublin, stay with them.792 We would definitely recommend Jose and Vadym's place. They are wonderful hosts, kind, helpful and friendly. The location is brilliant - cross the street and you are at the tram station - excellent location for visiting Dublin.793 I would rate my stay at Jose and Vadym's place as a "6 star" if I could. Hosts are very thoughtful and friendly, I felt well cared of all the time. Vadym called me in advance to explain how to get to their place in detail and even sent me a plan. Their apartment is  stylish and cozy, and immaculately clean. I enjoyed communicating with the guys a lot, too. My only regret was that I had to leave so soon – I wish I could stay for a couple of days longer :) Definitely looking forward to staying at their place again once I am visiting Dublin next time. And recommend to anyone – 120%.794 Firstly, I want to thanks for the support and personal availability from the beginning, even before my stay in your home. I enjoyed very much the room as well as the decoration. The room was bright and very comfortable. I felt like at home.<br/><br/>From my point of view, the image of «AirBnb» it’s represented from Vadym and Jose hospitality because there are the perfect hosts!<br/><br/>It was a pleasant stay for one week and I hope to return as soon I can and for the next time I won’t forget to take the Cod Fish (Bacalhau)!<br/><br/>I wish you both much success. <br/>Thank you very much.<br/><br/>Vasco<br/>795 Vadym and Jose are very nice hosts and it's a great pleasure to stay with them. They make you feel comfortable and help you with all kind of questions about Dublin, public transports … The apartment and guest room are very welcoming, light and beautiful. A good place to stay when going to Dublin:-)<br/>796 Lovely and very friendly place. If you are visiting Dublin you have to stay here.<br/><br/>Thanks a lot!797 Perfect stay in Dublin in this very comfortable double bedroom. Jose & Vadym are just fantastic hosts. I strongly recommend staying in their flat if you want to visit Dublin as it's really close to the Tram station. They are very friendly guys and will make you feel like at home! That's what airbnb is all about :)798 We really enjoyed our stay with Jose and Vadym.  They were both excellent hosts and tried to help in any way they could.  Jose even came into the city with me to help me look for a doctor as I was unwell with a cough. I wish I had taken Jose's advice about transport from the airport.  I should have taken the AirLink (bus 447) to Heuston station.  Very direct  option to their place.  Thank you for an enjoyable stay and we fully recommend their room to all.799 Had a lovely stay with Jose and Vadym.  We did not get to meet Jose but Vadym was extremely welcoming and warm and genuinely interested in us as people and our stay in Dublin.<br/>The room was spotless and perfect for our needs, with a private balcony off the room for our use.<br/>The flat is in a great location, very close to the Guiness Factory and an easy walk into town.  Or there is the tram which is very frequent and 1 minute walk from there flat.<br/>I would highly recommend staying with Vadym and Jose and will definetely look them up again for my next trip to Dublin.<br/>Thank you guys.800 I had a great stay at Jose and Vadym's home and wish I could've stayed longer. I can definitely recommend them!801 GOOD MEMORY FROM DUBLIN<br/>VADYM AND JOSE WERE WELL , DISPONIBLE TO GIVE US INFORMATIONS<br/>USEFULL<br/>IT IS A GOOD ADRESS TO STAY802 We had a brilliant stay with Jose and Vadym. They were so kind and welcoming. They also gave us some great tips on what to do in Dublin and had a clean and beautiful apartment. It was very convenient in that it was located on the fatima luas stop and it was only an 8 euro taxi from the bottom of O'Connell street after a night out.803 We had a wonderful stay with Jose and Vadym!  Their apartment was spotless,  and they are very acomodating.  It was like visiting with old friends.  Getting to the city center couldn't be easier, as access to the Luas tram into town is across the street.  We highly recommend staying with them when you are in Dublin.804 These two were fantastic hosts! They have a cat yet their home was immaculate. No evidence of fur. They at are helpful with getting into the city center, quick to offer you tea or coffee. Made you feel very welcome and at home. We highly recommend staying with them. Good location!805 Fantastic guys! Wonderful space and incredibly considerate. Would love to stay again someday.806 PERFECT! Jose & Vadym are the most wonderful hosts you can imagine in a great, clean & convenient location! If u get the chance - go stay with them!! <br/><br/>Jose & Vadym - whenever you make it to Gemany-as I have said before-you are MORE THAN WELCOME to stay at my place in Stuttgart!! (Even though I am probably not going to bake a cake! ;) )807 REVIEW JOSÉ VADYM<br/><br/>Really charming hosts, very helpfull and  open minded.<br/>The apartment  was in a secure and safe area, easy to reach by Luas. We got mail with a detailed map before our arrival, so the place was easy to find and they were quick in responding to questions.<br/>Nice beds and bathroom, everything  very clean and great breakfast. Their philosophy is: “mi casa es su casa.”<br/>Our hosts  live in Dublin for many years and cherish Dublin and Ireland as if it was their native country. Besides their jobs they like to paint and to photograph. They own a cat which takes a lot of care; they do that with much patience  and love.<br/>We highly recommend José and Vadym for a pleasant stay in Dublin.<br/>808 We had a wonderful stay at Jose and Vadym's place; They both are really nice and friendly. Jose's homemade coffee is the best we had during our 12 days stay in Ireland !! :D Their appartment is really nice, and they have really good accomadations to go to the city center. <br/>We recommand to everybody who would like to visit Dublin to stay at their place!!809 We had a fantastic time here! Jose and Vadym are the nicest guys ever. We enjoyed chatting with them about Dublin, traveling, and Jose's art. The breakfast was awesome and the apartment is extremely convenient to the tram that gets you into the heart of the city in 10 minutes. Oh, and if they make a cake you have to try it. Absolutely delicious.810 I loved the 3 days spent at Jose and Vadym, they are really welcoming, generous and friendly hosts.They are present and helping at the slightest need expressed.The room is pleasant, clean and exactly as shown on the site.<br/> I will recommend to friends who will come to Dublin.811 Jose and Vadim were extremely nice, friendly, and helpful. They provided maps and tips of what to do and how to get around Dublin. Their home is very lovely and clean. We enjoyed the private balcony and private bathroom as well. The neighborhood was quiet and only a few minutes walk from the Guinness storehouse. And there is a bus stop and tram stop just outside their apartment.  Overall we really enjoyed our 2 night stay with them!812 Hello, we really enjoyed our stay with Jose and Vadym.The two are super friendly, we were able to use everything, had their own bathroom with top equipment (shaving cream ...).From the location of the apartment you can reach everything on foot, the Guinnes brewery is all around the corner ;-).With the directions we found the apartment without any problems.Everything perfect!We can fully recommend Jose and Vadym !!813 Jose and Vadym are both very friendly and easy going! <br/><br/>The house is extremely incredible! i could stay in the room without going out for the whole day! it feels just like a resort and some getaway from the hustle and bustle. What you see is what you get! comfortable bed and pillow! <br/><br/>clean house and everything is perfect! <br/><br/>Very near to the tram station. so is very accessible! <br/><br/>stay with them and you will not regret! worth every penny you spend :)814 Great place. Comfy and spacious apartment. <br/>Good location, bus stop and super market around the corner.<br/><br/>Extensive equipment like washing machine, dish washer, toaster, micro-wave and dishes. Everything you need.<br/><br/>Very friendly and supportive host.815 Liam's apartment was absolutely fabulous, and Liam and his wife are very gracious hosts. The apartment was perfectly cozy for our family Christmas celebration, and our Christmas dinner from Soulful Bistro was truly a delight, thank you Moira and Saray!! Liam has assured you will have everything you may need to have an extremely successful stay, down to the coffee press, which was used on a daily basis to the very comfy beds, with fluffy duvets, which at the end of very eventful daily Dublin sightseeing excursions was a luxurious treat for us all.  We loved our stay so much that we are already booking our Summer vacation and planning on a 2 week travel through Ireland. We send our love and gratitude to all those we met and made lasting relations with and we look forward to seeing everyone very soon !  Sincerely, The Shankos, Summerville, SC816 The property was fantastic: clean and very well located (close to a supermarket and bus stops to downtown Dublin). Liam was extremely helpful and easy to work with, I would definitely rent from him again.<br/>You will love this place as your base to Dublin.817 Liam was a gracious host and set us up with a driver from the airport at a reasonable rate for the 5 of us with 5 large bags. He met us at the apartment and got us squared away. We found the apartment clean and comfortable for the 5 of us.   The neighborhood is perfectly safe with great bus connections to the city centre.... only 10 minutes or so riding time. The buses were frequent and efficient. We would stay here again if visiting Dunlin. Thank you, Liam.818 Liam was a welcoming host who made us feel at home. The apartment was clean, warm and very comfortable, with useful amenities like a washing machine. It is handy to the centre of Dublin, and close to the Phoenix Park but has on street parking if required.<br/><br/>I will definitely come back here next time I am in Dublin, and would not hesitate to recommend it to others.819 We were 5 friends sharing the place and we really liked and enjoyed being there. Liam was a great host, and help us with everything we needed it. The place was cosy, clean and had for us a few nice things like coffee, salt, milk, bread... to use. It was close enough to the city center, not to worry too much about spending a lot of money in transport and with a super market 5min walking from the place. Really handy! :) The only but to say about it was that the sofa-bed, that was a bit uncomfortable, but even though, it's been totally worth it to rent it and we'd definitely repeat the experience. :)820 <br/>The apartment was very nice. It had everything we needed. It had a couple of buses that went near the apartment to help us travel where ever we wanted to go. The supermarket was in walking distance. Liam assisted with questions and helped arranged our airport travels which made the trip stress free.821 We had a lovely time in Dublin! The flag was beautifully decorated and furnished and was well equipped. One of the perks of staying in the flat was that we could self-cater. We were able to make ourselves a great fry up and a good dinner with very little difficulty. There were 6 of us staying in the apartment very comfortably. Two of us were on the sofa bed and we had no problems setting this up and had a very restful nights sleep. Our only criticism of the flat was the location of the bathroom. To get to the bathroom you have to go through the bedroom where the other four guests were sleeping which was not always ideal. The shower also comfortably has enough hot water for 5 decent showers in a row, so we took it in turns as to who was to have the last shower as the water would be quite cool by the time the last person had finished. All this being said the flat really was beautiful and we had no other qualms with the flat at all. Liam also helpfully arranged transport for us to and from the airport! The driver very kindly provided us with maps and then as we arrived quite late he stopped at the flat so we could put our stuff down then drove us to tesco for no extra charge. The flat is well located. It is about a 20 minute walk from the nearest tram station but if the weather had been nice we would have happily walked the extra distance into the city centre. There was a bus strike on for two days whilst we were there but on the Sunday we were able to get the bus straight into town. The flat is on a bus route. We were also able to get two taxis into town on the Saturday night for €15 per taxi. So in terms of location, it was perfect! As mentioned tesco's is just round the corner for those who do want to self cater. There is also a local pub down the road called Hynes Bar. This is very much a locals pub but when we got there we found all the locals were very friendly and came over and spoke to us. On our first night one of the locals even bought us a round of drinks to welcome us to Dublin! Lastly, although Liam couldn't greet us at the airport himself he did come and visit on the Saturday morning to check everything was ok with the flat and that we had settled in ok. Liam was also on hand via the app to answer any and all questions at a moments notice which was also greatly appreciated. <br/><br/>Overall we has a wonderful time in Dublin and Liam's flat was the perfect base for us. Well decorated, well located, well furnished, well equipped and all in a brilliant host! Would highly recommend!822 Liam is an excellent host and makes you feel welcomed.   He was very helpful getting us accustomed to the location we were staying in relation to the various sights around the city.823 Apartment was very nice, the host provided all necessary information and everything was as expected based on the listing.824 The house I booked was exactly as described.The very comfortable place, near the park and a few minutes by bus (4 lines) from the city center.A large supermarket very close.The apartment was very comfortable, so much so that you want to spend the evenings at home ... the perfect welcome, clear explanations and the availability of Liam excellent even during the stay.The possibility of booking a transfer to and from the airport was very comfortable.The person who does this service is very kind and already by taxi you feel at home.I recommend it to all those who want to feel at home in Dublin!825 Liam was very nice and there to greet us when we got to the apartment!826 The apartment was great and had everything we needed. It felt cosy and we felt at home during our 6 weeks stay. The bed and sofa were really comfortable and the kitchen was adequate. The bus stop is located just afew steps out the front door and the bus ride is about 15mins to city centre. There is also tesco and a halal food store located about 5mins walk away. Phoenix park, the dublin zoo and heuston train station are also nearby, takes less than 30mins on foot. Liam is also very friendly and he checks in on us whenever he can to make sure that we were comfortable. Overall great experience, highly recommended! (:827 A huge thank you to Liam for his warm welcome and everything he had provided for us: fresh bread, fruit, dublin plan and explanations from the neighborhood (where to eat, what pub, the closest supermarket ...)<br/> It has simplified our lives a lot!And the apartment is just to die for, large and bright, we would have thought in a film!Unbelievable !I didn't want to leave ... in addition to being at a few bus stops in the center or 30 minutes on foot (which we have chosen)!This stay finished our honeymoon in style and I will go back is sure!828 What a beautiful apartment. The location was great. At first when we pulled up I was a little hesitant because there were several apartments that were vacant and from where we are from that means it may not be a safe neighborhood. We didn't find this to be true here. Older kids, women and college age females walk alone until late in the evening. This was a great accommodation with everything you need. Kitchen was well equipped. We'd book this again.829 Our very first airbnb experience, and a standard hotel booking simply cannot compare. A lovely apartment, ideal for our family of four, with super-comfortable beds, a modern clean washroom, and generous cozy sitting and dining area. Location was perfect - quiet and removed from the downtown core, yet a comfortable walk or easy bus ride to central Dublin. An excellent grocery store is a five  minute walk. Warm attentive owners, quick to respond to emails. We would not hesitate to stay there again.830 This apartment was fantastic! It was very spacious and comfortably slept the six of us. The interior and kitchen were also very nice. Liam was very welcoming and helpful in making our stay in Dublin a great one. He helped set up a driver to take us to the airport in under half an hour, and also was very quick to respond to any emails I sent. I would highly recommend this apartment to any prospective renters831 Liam was a great host! Very nice, helpful and communication with him was very easy. He gave a lot of great tips to find around town, which was nice. <br/>The apartment was great too - beautiful, clean and enough space for two people. Also it was in a nice neighborhood and also in a good spot regarding public transportation. It was really easy to get to the city center. <br/>We enjoyed our stay at Liam's and would love to come back some day!832 Everything was perfect !The bedding is of good quality, our host has reserved the driver for us, the apartment is very well equipped, it is sublime, well heated, well located just next to a bus stop and a small supermarket.We were 6 and all of us appreciated our stay.833 The district is very far from the center (35min walk) and without charm.<br/> The building is very noisy, we were on the ground floor and heard noise and feel the odors of cigarettes until late in the night (people discuss and smoke in the corridor).<br/> For those who sleep on the sofa bed, you will be cold at night (the windows are badly isolated) and very bad back in the morning !!<br/> Positive points: transfer from the airport for 35 € even late at night.Owner's responsiveness in the event of a problem.834 The apartment was spacious, very well equipped and clean.It is not located near the center but public transport allows you to access it quickly (max. 15mn).The supermarket, pharmacy are less than 3 minutes away.I highly recommend this apartment.Liam responded very quickly to any requests for information by email.Thank you again for this beautiful place835 This apartment is wonderful, very nice and comfortable even with a large group of 6 people. We were only a 30 minutes walk from central Dublin and the bus stop was right outside so it was easy to get to and from the city. Liam was always prompt about replying to any questions that we had and he arranged for a driver to get us to and from the airport which was so great for us.836 Liam's place was great.  It is very close to public transportation and walking distance to shopping and dining. <br/><br/>Our family of five was very comfortable in the flat. <br/><br/>Liam was very easy to communicate with. We had a power outage in the area and Liam was very responsive to keep us up to date when the power would be restored.837 Comfortable apartment located 20 min walk from the bar temple.Pubs and restaurants are nearby.Liam is a very accommodating host available for his hosts.I recommend!838 The apartment was an easy taxi ride to Dublin center, and a grocery store was a convenient 3 minute walk away839 We loved staying at Fiona and Liam's place. We were greeted by Fiona with a wealth of information about the city, and in particular things to do as a family. She also brought us fresh bread, fruit, butter, and milk. <br/><br/>The bus stops were very convenient to the apartment and there was a full grocery store within a 5 min walk. <br/><br/>Also, the communication between us and the host was great. They quickly responded to any questions we had. I would highly recommend staying here.840 Super delighted with this stay in Ireland.Thanks to Liam who took care that a taxi recover us at the airport and brings us back (for a total of 70th all the same, but bus level would have been complicated the apartment is 25mn by car from theAeropot ...).RORRY (the driver) was very friendly.A little far from the city center of Berlin but on foot it is quite feasible (30 minutes).On the other hand it was cold in the apartment when I got home.The surrounding ads do not serve food, a bit of a shame but Liam has indicated to us a supermarket very easy to find. <br/> Functional and practical apartment841 The apartment reflects the published photos and is clean.The bus stop for the center is very close.Phoenix Park can be reached on foot in a few minutes.The area is quiet.I would recommend it to friends.842 Liam was a great host, communicating clearly and making sure we had all the information we needed. <br/>The apartment is spacious and provides everything you need. If you're traveling by car parking is also easy right outside.843 This house was in a great location and very comfortable. The decor was very pretty with everything in great working order. Liam and the house keeper Carmen were very kind, even allowing us to check in a little early when we arrived sooner than we planned. I would definitely recommend this stay to anyone else visiting Dublin.844 Great space Cleaner and comfortable me and my family really enjoyed our staying in this place845 The apartment was very nice as everything is remodeled. Liam was easy to deal with and was quick to answer any additional questions that we had. I would stay here again846 Great stay at liams, very clean and off the beaten path .847 Lovely apartment very helpful hosts all round 100/100848 Stayed with 4 other friends could walk everywhere we needed to go and get taxis back at night time which was cheap. Brilliant check in and seem less stay. Thank you849 Great apartment.Quite close to the center.All very new, inside a very beautiful home.The experience has been very good.850 Very clean house.Liam charming, he has helped us a lot in our visit to Dublin.851 Fantastic apartment, you won’t find friendlier or more helpful hosts - everything from tranfers/ transportation, where to eat, things to do, bus routes, maps, early check-in time to accomodate our early flights... everything was catered for.852 We really enjoyed our stay in Dublin in Liam's apartment.We were picked up at the airport and were given a short tour on arrival.There was a city map ready and we were given an explanation with how we could walk to the center, where the pubs, shops, supermarket and restaurants were. <br/> It was a nice and clean stay, and definitely recommended!853 Good place to stay, 45 min walk from town, really clean, with 2 comfy beds and 1 usable convertible. Liam was available for us by phone and email854 We had a lovely stay at Liam’s apartment, communication was great and the driver that picked us up at the airport was so nice and gave us great suggestions on what to do in Dublin. The apartment was very clean and had all necessities, it’s also close to the city center and had a bus stop right in front of it. The only thing that wasn’t really great was the shower, it was clean but the water pressure was literally nothing, so it was very hard to wash our hair especially if because we all had thick hair.  We still<br/>managed though ( it just took a bit longer ) and all in all we’d recommend the apartment 👍🏼855 The apartment is clean, well furbished, heated and is not too far from city centre with bus line 46a and 39. Luas (tramway) is a 10 mns walk. A place to recommend856 Great place in Dublin. In walking distance of shops and 30mins to town.857 BRAVO !858 Liam and Fiona were fantastic hosts. They went above and beyond to accommodate myself and 4 friends on our stay in Dublin. Apartment was perfect for what we wanted. Was a 20/30min walk into the main city centre but lots of taxis available if wanted. <br/>Would recommend and would stay again!859 Very good ! Lovely accommodation ! The only problem was the shower whom sometimes work and sometimes not860 A beautiful and unique space that worked just fine for five adults. Two markets within a 5 minute walk was convenient. The 20-25 minute walk to city Centre worked out nicely since we could get away from some of the busy tourist spots and discover some local places like Clarke’s City Arms pub. Also quite a few cozy restaurants and coffee shops within a few minutes walk. Overall a wonderful stay with Liam!861 The apartment is really cozy and comfortable. <br/>It was clean and only 20 min from center by walk. <br/>Fiona was really nice with us. Thank you for all!!862 The apartment was exactly as pictured, close to a local market and not too far from city center! We loved it, definitely a great experience.863 Enjoyed a great weekend, thank you for your kind and helpful hospitality!864 A very lovely place near the very cool Phoenix Park & cool neighborhood Stoneybatter. Super great on being in touch and offered great recommendations! <br/><br/>Thanks!!865 My mom and I really enjoyed our stay and the Kavanagh cottage. If you want a place where you feel free to make yourself at home, this is the place for it! Sure, it doesn't have the luxuries of a 5-star hotel, but that is NOT what we were looking for. Teresa and her husband are an endearing Irish couple who were very eager to help us plan our days in the Dublin area. The beds were comfy, and we had an overall great time, despite the nasty weather we had.<br/>Best of luck to you and your family, Teresa, and happy geocaching!!866 My mom and I stayed with the Kavanagh family for a week and really enjoyed the experience. Although we got a little confused in the beginning by the repetition of street names in the neighborhood, once we got our barings we loved the location: a quiet, clean, cute neigborhood with great access to the Luas and bus into Dublin.  We had no problems with the internet or hot water for showers.<br/><br/>I was a little cold in the cottage, but I was given hot water bottles, blankets from the family who also provided all the information we could have asked for, ideas of things to do, local maps, etc. Lastly, we loved starting the mornings having tea with the family. We would stay here again and would recommend it highly to others.867 I can't say enough about Teresa and her beautiful family and home right outside of Dublin.  They live in a gorgeous cottage in Churchtown--about 4 miles (or 6 tram stops) away from Dublin and 3 miles from the coast.  We were greeted with open arms by Huey and Teresa.  They also provided us with maps and good suggestions for things to do in and around the city.  For anyone looking to enjoy your stay in Dublin, I highly recommend this place.868 My husband and I spent three nights at Teresa and Hugh's and really enjoyed our stay.  They were very accommodating (we got in very late the first night) and were very knowledgeable about the area, transportation, etc.  We enjoyed spending time chatting with them and learning more about them and Dublin.869 I couldn't have asked for a better family to stay with while I adjusted to life in Dublin. The Kavanaugh family was so kind and immediately made me feel at home. The bedroom was wonderful and a perfect size for one or two people. Teresa or Hugh were always available for questions or to give advice about the local area and Ireland as a whole. I really enjoyed spending the week exploring their house and observing how they interact. I highly recommend Holly Cottage as a place to stay whether it's for one night or 6 weeks. I plan on visiting Teresa before I leave Ireland!870 Teresa and her husband are wonderful hosts, they opened their home to us and helped us with advises and reservations. The house and the rooms stay open (no keys) which gives an ever more feeling of trust and being at home. We had a cosy room with two comfortable beds and a bathroom to share with others.The car was parked in front of the house, which is very handy in a city. Only 15 minutes walk away is a small local train station from where you can easily reach the center of town in 15 minutes. And 5 minutes walk down the road with a great Deli where you can have breakfast.<br/>871 We really enjoyed our stay and the accommodations did not disappoint.<br/>We walked everywhere we we went and appreciated all the recommendations. What a lovely place to rest at the end of our busy day!872 Nice spot close to town and to public transit. We were able to walk to places like Phoenix Park and Guinness and getting to the city centre was a short taxi ride. The space was also very close to public transit if that’s more your style. The flat is set up with everything you need—comfy couch, TV, beds, washer/dryer, fully functional kitchen, etc. Fiona was very warm and welcoming and helped us out with a map of Dublin and some local suggestions.873 Both very helpful.  Check in and out was quick and easy. So much to around the area. 30 minute walk to the river and Guinness factory but quiet at night.874 Everything was more than good. The house, its location and the very useful information about the city the hosts gave us.<br/>875 Convenient location and lovely apartment.876 Liam and Fiona's place was a great location, clean and comfortable. Would stay here again.877 Five friends stayed here for a weekend in Dublin and had a great time. Liam and Fiona were quick at responding and providing useful tips. Their home was comfortable and warm.878 Wonderful apartment! Great amenities and location! Really enjoyed our weekend in Dublin!879 I think Jose and Vadym might be the perfect airbnb hosts. They truly care about their guests' comfort and experience in Dublin, and are generally friendly and generous. They went out of their way to make us feel at home in their place. The room was comfortable and clean, and the apartment was easily accessible by tram. It was a quick walk to the Guinness factory, and from there a nice walk into downtown. I honestly can't say enough good things about this place, and would recommend it to anyone looking for somewhere to stay in Dublin.880 I had a very pleasant stay with Jose and Vadim, they were really nice and warm and welcoming. The flat was lovely and peaceful with a very comfortable bed. You can catch the tram straight outside(which was fun) and are right in the centre of town in minutes.881 Great room, and our hosts were amazing!882 Jose (Vadym was traveling) is a true pro as a host. Both the practical and personal amenities available made sure I had everything I needed as a guest. You can not go wrong staying with these guys.883 I had a fantastic two weeks with Jose and Vadym. This was my first Air B&B experience. I was welcomed and treated like an old friend from the minute I walked in the door. I also had the opportunity to see a Jose's chorus performance which was unforgettable.  The apartment is conveniently located, very clean, and comfortable. I highly recommend their accommodations.884 I honestly cannot say enough FANTASTIC things about staying with Jose & Vadym!! These are two of the kindest people you will ever meet!! <br/><br/>The apartment is just as nice as the pictures show - probably even nicer in person. It's a really great sized space - it would certainly be more than comfortable for two people. The bathroom is really large as well. They have so many different amenities to use if you forget something. The bed is super comfy, and the balcony off of the bedroom is such a beautiful place to sit and relax. <br/><br/>The apartment is so close to the LUAS station, which is such a treat after a long day of site seeing. It's a quick 15 minute trip to city center (only takes that long because of the stops), which is also really nice. <br/><br/>Again, Jose & Vadym are the absolute best people to stay with. I would come to Dublin in a heartbeat, and would be honored to stay with them again. These are two very special people that welcome you into their home with a smile!! You are a very lucky person to stay with Jose & Vadym!!885 Jose and Vadym were excellent hosts! Their apartment is very well located (right across the LUAS Fatima tram stop) which made it very easy to get around. It is an easy walk to the Guiness Storehouse.<br/><br/>The apartment itself is very modern and clean, and is exactly as pictured. There is also a little balcony where you can sit and people - watch and relax. Vadym and Jose also provided a lot of toiletries, which is very thoughtful as travellers may not like to lug these around especially on shorter trips. <br/><br/>They also provided a lovely breakfast (including cake!) for us, and it was nice to be able to have a chat about Ireland/travelling/social issues with Vadym over tea. <br/><br/>All in all, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay with Vadym and Jose and would not hesitate to recommend them to everyone! We woukd definitely stay with them again when we return to Dublin!!886 We arrived on Dublin on a late flight and picked up a car in the city. It was past 11 pm and it took a while to find the area where Jose and Vadyms apartement was located. We were lost and called them. They were absolutely nice and helpful despite the late hour and picked us up, brought us to their place. <br/>The room was beautiful, very comfortable, with a great bed, a big, clean shower  and a huge tv, which we did not use, because we were too tired. In the morning we had a nice chat with Jose and Vadym and they offered a yummy breakfast with Vadyms homemade jam.<br/>I would highly recommend to stay with those two fabulous and helpful guys.887 A big thank you to Jose and Vardym. <br/>They were very kind, hospitable and helpful. Both made my partner and I feel at home. <br/><br/>At no point was anything too much trouble, and despite all 4 sharing the apartment, never did we feel as though we were in each other's way. <br/><br/>We would gladly stay again. <br/><br/>P.s Vardym make a really good cake.888 Our stay in Dublin was great! The room was exactly as pictured, and Vadym and Jose were incredibly helpful. They met our taxi when we arrived, assisted with our luggage and gave advice on things to do in Dublin. Their home is a two minute walk from the tram line, which makes getting around easy. Thanks for a great stay!889 Everything very clean890 We felt warmly welcome in this immaculate, cozy B&B!It was no problem to bring our luggage at 12 pm.The location is perfect for a visit to Dublin!José and Vadym are very friendly and hospitable!891 Magnificent! The hosts are very friendly and warm to offer me to stay over their lovely apartment nearby the enlightening places to visit in short time before I went to see my cousins in Galway County. They offered me delicious hot tea and biscuits.892 Jose and Vadym were perfect hosts! We were only in Dublin for one night and they were so helpful in letting us know how to get around. Their apartment is only two short luas stops from the Heuston train station. It is very convenient to get to town. The room is lovely, clean and quiet.893 Jose and Vadym were spectacular with us. They gave us all the tips that we needed in  Dublin to make our trip unforgettable. Also we enjoyed the conversations with them. Overall It has been the best experience in Airbnb. We totally recommend their place.894 The hosts were excellent , the neighbourhood was fine especially with the luas tram so close from the city. Everything described in the airbnb was exactly as they said . Very enjoyable ++895 Jose and Vadym are incredibly welcoming and made us feel right at home as soon as we arrived. The location is easy to find, just steps from the tram. The room is very clean and comfortable - the attached balcony is beautiful. Jose made us coffee each morning and both Jose and Vadym made sure we had everything we needed to be comfortable. They both provided excellent ideas for things to see and do in Dublin. This was our first time using airbnb and we couldn't have asked for a better experience. A lovely place to stay.896 I am very grateful to Jose and Vadym for their kind welcome and hospitality.  The apartment is gorgeous, quiet and close to all amenities and to Dublin Heuston station. Everything you need is there. I had the pleasure to spend some time with Jose and really enjoyed it. Thanks a million!897 José was a great host.He welcomed us very well and guided by giving us valuable indications on the districts not to be missed and on how to get there.Also precious indications for the rest of our trip to Galway: bus to use rather than the train etc ...<br/> The apartment is very well located, very clean and pleasant in a very quiet area (no noise!) To only a few tram stations in the center of Dublin.The tram stop is just a few steps away.<br/> There are local shops all around<br/> The room is exactly as a pleasant described with a small balcony, the bed is super comfortable.The bathroom is as private.We had free access to the kitchen and had breakfast with excellent homemade jams.<br/> Too bad 2 nights it was too short!We will come back with pleasure.<br/> Thank you to José and Vadym.<br/> We highly recommend this rental for a stay in Dublin<br/> Thank you for everything<br/> Maryse and Patricia898 Such a lovely Apartment !!! These guys are amazing, the best hosts ever!, They were really helpful to me and my friend. The room is big enough for 2 persons, clean, with good ventilation and with an amazing Bed, from all B&Bs i've been I never slept so good like in this place.899 Jose and Vadym are great hosts, very friendly and available to help their guests. We were there for 1 night only and we had to leave early. The room is nice, very clean and cosy. As well as the bathroom. Thank you again for letting us your parking spot for our car !900 Jose and Vadym really made my trip to Ireland complete. This great double room has the best bed and pillows ever, and looks exactly as in the pictures and is really great- and so are the hosts as well! Really short from the city centre and easy to find. We had some nice chats and discussions about art, politics, religion and life in general. They even made me a fantastic breakfast and ordered the best taxidriver ever to the airport. Thank you so much, and hope seing you in Norway soon!901 I was a first time traveler to Europe and Jose, Vadym, and Biana immediately made me feel welcome and perfectly at home. Their home is lovely and the location is very convenient. I am a senior citizen and found it very easy to get around. I don't look forward to leaving Ireland after a tour that I am on but I do look forward to staying with my new friends, Vadym, Jose, and Biana before I return home in a couple of weeks. THANK YOU GUYS, YOU ARE THE BEST. Peace always. mj902 Our experience with Jose and Vadym was very pleasant. They answered fast at our request for hosting and were very helpful during our stay in Dublin. The apartment is perfectly located with the tram stop right in front of the building. The trip to the center is only 10 minutes. The room and the private bathroom is perfectly clean and nicely decorated. There is a private balcony for relaxing outside (and smoking). We regretted very much that they had no vacancy for our second stay in Dublin. Highly recommend!903 We spent four nights in Teresa's and Hugh's home and we loved our stay. They are excellent hosts and they were super nice with us.<br/>It is a very quiet neighborhood and a very comfortable cottage. We would absolutely love to stay again.904 Teresa's and Hugh's home is comfortable and very well located for city center by Luas and bus (even to take aircoach bus from/ to airport).  The place is very nice, the house is wide and quite and warm and the bathroom is always clean and tidy.  Thanks so much for the few nights in your beautiful cottage, and also that you provided breakfast.<br/><br/>I hope see you soon.<br/><br/>Kind regards905 Me and my girlfriend were staying for a couple of nights at Teresas place. Teresa and her husband and daughter are delightful people! I was looking for a flat in Dublin and my host was so kind to help me calling different real estate agents etc. We felt very welcome and enjoyed our stay!<br/>The house is very nice with an antique wooden floor :)<br/>The bed was very comfortable and everything was nice and clean.<br/>We would definitely recommend Teresa's place!<br/>Merry Christmas to the whole family!906 Teresa's home was a nice place to stay. We enjoyed living there for seven days. There are three rooms for guests. It's possible to get to know other guests at breakfast.<br/><br/>The house is perfectly located. A bus stop is next to the house. So you can quickly reach the city. Nearby was a shopping mall (Dundrum shopping centre) were you can find everything. One shop also had opened 24/7 (Tesco). Dundrum is a nice little suburb. It's quiet. There are nice people helping you when you are lost. <br/><br/>We loved to stay there. We absolutely recommend Teresa's home. :)907 Teresa has a beautiful home and while I didn't get to meet her, our communication was good and her husband was very nice and friendly.  Her home is about a ten min. walk to the tram which takes you straight into Dublin.  There are shops and a shopping center around her neighborhood within walking distance.  Good, quiet little neighborhood.908 Highly recommended.  Perfect location, tram outside apartment takes you directly to city centre in 12mins.  Jose and Vadym are perfect hosts, very friendly, and I very much hope to visit again.<br/><br/>Thank you guys!909 Staying at jose and vadyms place was amazing! They are both incredibly kind hearted and extremely hospitable. Their place is very clean and lovely, and they go out of their way to make you feel welcome. I definitely recommend this place to everyone looking for a nice place to stay in london with a good connection to the city center. Thanks a ton and hope to be back soon!910 Vadym and Jose are wonderful people! When we couldn't find the flat we gave a call and Jose came to pick us up. We could leave our luggage in the morning and therefore visit the city without our luggage. Location is great, 15 minutes by tram to the city centre and very easy! The bed was super comfortable and the bathroom was great (better than our own bed and shower in London!) so it was great to visit the city and come back and relax. Vadym and Jose were very social and helpful and great hosts. This was our first AirBNB experience and I hope we will have more experiences like this. I would recommend this listing to everyone that is looking for a great experience in Dublin, they made ours great!911 Dear José and Vadym, thank you very much for being such wonderful hosts to us. The communication with you was easy and you always answered very fast. The apartment is very close to the city center. We could walk to all the places we wanted to visit. If we come back one day i will contact you once again. Kind regards, Paulo and Sara.912 Staying at Jose and Vadym's was a great experience. The apartment is amazing and incredibly comfortable. Jose and Vadym are also great hosts -- very helpful and they take the extra effort to make their guests feel at home! The location is also very convenient!913 Jose & Vadym are perfect hosts. My friend and I had a very good time with them, and we loved the apartment, the bed and the breakfast. Thanks again for everything !914 Jose & Vadym are excellent hosts and it was a pleasure staying with them.<br/>The room/apartment is as described. The neighbourhood is quiet and has easy access to public transport. Thank you guys for a relaxing stay, would be more than happy to stay again.915 Clean, quiet, tidy, comfortable room, accessible from downtown by foot.  Friendly hosts, good communication, good AirBnBers.<br/>Pierre916 Planning to stay a few days in Dublin? Just go for Jose & Vadym's  Great double room! They are very friendly hosts, who like to get to know their foreign guests, but also they give them all freedom to come and go. Appartment is near Luas, so no problem (or long walks necessary) at all to go to the center of Dublin. We enjoyed our stay very much! Thank you Jose & Vadym! Greetings from Holland, Gerard & Dorien917 This was my second stay with Jose and Vadym and if I ever have the opportunity to go to Dublin again I will stay with Jose and Vadym if at all possible. They were wonderful and welcoming hosts. There apartment is lovely and very comfortable. It is centrally located, close to transportation and as a single lady traveler I felt very safe. I began and ended my Ireland adventure with Jose and Vadym and they helped make the experience one of the best that I have had. I give them 5+ gold stars.918 Jose and Vadym (J & V) provided us with a wonderful Dublin experience.  Their apartment is conveniently located close to the Luas (tram) and easy to find...Airlink to Heuston, take Luas, 2 stops to Fatima,  1/2 block across the street, and take a right to #6.  Room was not large, but comfortable.  Bed great and nice big bathroom.  J & V were more than accommodating, genuinely concerned about us having a good experience.  I don't believe Jose ever sleeps.......coffee in the morning and greeted us upon return.  Felt as though we visited friends, rather than a commercial enterprise.  Thanks J & V and airbnb.919 I was made welcome from the first contact and Jose was very cooperative with my uncertain time of arrival.<br/>The area is very quiet and very convenient for the LUAS (Tram) which takes you to the centre within minutes.<br/>The room was comfortable and as described.<br/>Towels were provided and also tea and coffee.  <br/>Very relaxed conversation.<br/>I only had one night here in Dublin, but would certainly have stayed longer.920 Beautiful room. Excellent location and wonderful hosts!921 José and Vadym were very welcoming and kind! He made sure to make us feel at home with tea, snacks and biscuits :) a sure way to my heart. They were very available and helpful with recommendations, and were respectful of our space at the same time. We rented a car and there was plenty street parking, as well as a space in the garage. We didn't have to worry about going out to get breakfast in the early morning, they left cereals and breads out for us. Very accommodating.922 That was my first time in Dublin and Jose & Vadym are perfect hosts. They are very nice, take lots of time for you, share information and good tips about anything around Dublin. In addition, they have a very warm welcome, I couldn't wish better about it. The location is awesome, just on the Luas line (tram) and you can walk to the city very easily or take the luas. I definitely recommend them for a good experience. Thank you guys one more time for this week ! I hope we'll meet again :)923 Jose & Vadym were absolutely wonderful hosts. Their place was clean, easily accessible, and very central to all of the action of Dublin. They were happily helpful in giving suggestions and directions, and flexible with flight times. I highly recommend them to anyone who is looking for a lovely stay.924 Jose was very accommodating with my arrival in the late afternoon after a delayed flight. I was shown to the guest room right by the front door, nicely decorated and with a very comfortable bed. The bedroom and bathroom are spacious, well-lit and very clean. The apartment is 30 seconds away from the tram, so it is convenient and cheap to get to/from town.925 My godmother and I visited Dublin for a few days and Jose & Vadym were incredible hosts. They were helpful in providing things to do and their place was comfortable and well located near the Luas train making it easy to go to other parts of the city (although it's a fast walk as well). It was our first experience with Airbnb and we couldn't have asked for anything more.926 Our stay with Jose & Vadym was very enjoyable. They were very hospitable and made us feel at home immediately. They told us about a few different places to go for dinner and helped us navigate Dublin, since we had never been there before. They were very nice and even offered to make us coffee or tea upon arrival. <br/><br/>The room itself was clean, cozy, and had everything one would need. The apartment was decorated very nicely and felt comfortable. It is also in close proximity to the city center, as well as the tram. I would definitely recommend this room to anyone staying in Dublin!927 Both Vadym and Jose and very nice and welcoming, I felt like at home staying with them. The room was as described and seen in pictures with very comfortable bed! All the apartment was very clean and I would definitely come back there again and will recommend it for friends. Pity I didn't have time to use the SPA.928 I had a very pleasant experience with Jose and Vadym who were exceptional hosts. They were extremely helpful. The communication was excellent, I had to make an urgent booking, and the guys responded within an hour.<br/>They kindly offered me their parking spot. The apartment is located in the modern built residential area. The house is very close to Guinness Museum - 5 minutes walk. Tram station is hundred meters away and it takes 10 minutes to get to the centre. The room was very clean and comfortable. The shower works perfectly. <br/><br/>I would definitely recommend this place. Jose and Vadym are wonderful hosts.929 Great experience, they were both so helpful and friendly the entire time, giving me suggestions and recommendations on what to do. Great location, great people, I highly recommend this Jose and Vadym930 Thank you Jose& Vadym for the warm welcome, nice staying at your apartment again, this time I was in town for work and was lucky enough to book your listing again. Everything perfect! Cheers from a happy "returning customer"! Stefania931 Liam and Fiona’s apartment is in a great location. We could walk to the zoo in the Phoenix Park, shop in stores that were just around the corner, and hop on a bus downtown from right outside our door. It was quiet at night, and the beds were very comfortable. The apartment was sparkling clean and very comfortable. The shower was great. Highly recommend!932 Great place to stay and amazing hosts!933 The property is beautiful, just outside the centre, 3km to walk. Property has everything you need & very clean. Extra pull out bed in lounge no so comfy so if going as a group of six you may want to choose wisely. Local facilities 2 mins away (shop/Chinese/bar). Lovely to stay with friends all together.934 They helped us at all times, before going and once there, they always respond very kindly, and we loved the apartment, very cozy, we were 6 friends and we felt as if we were in our house!They also left us with fruit and bagels for breakfast.We also hired the airport collection service and offered us to their driver, thanks to him we did not lose the flight back!We couldn't have been better careful!935 Had a great stay here. Liam and Fiona were great hosts, respond quickly to any questions through email, and gave great recommendations of things to do in Dublin. Not too far from the Guinness Storehouse. Relatively quiet location and a quick taxi or bus ride to city center Dublin. About a 30 minute walk as well.936 Great place to stay, good location and price.  Liam and Fiona were great with communication and tips for what to do and where to go! Place is within walking distance of shops and supermarkets and not a bad walk to the town.  Apartment is equipped with everything you would need and sleeps 6 comfortably (in 3 doubles).  Would recommend staying here.937 All around.938 Very nice victorian appartment in good Location.<br/>The Communication with the hosts was really great.<br/>The driver took us directly from the Airport to the appartment and back.<br/>We‘ll be back.939 Pied a terre impeccable !!940 Wonderful place to stay, a bit tucked out of the way from the sights in Dublin, this made it quiet and comfortable. Fiona is wonderful and very helpful!!941 The host canceled this reservation 81 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.942 Teresa and Hugh were wonderful, and our stay was comfortable and easy. The hosts themselves were quite accommodating, gave us tips of places we should go, and were understanding of our schedule. We arrived with a car, an through there wasn't a space for it, Hugh moved their own car to a new location so we could leave ours be. They had drawn up a map with walking directions to local destinations (train station, mall, etc.) that really helped us get acclimated to the neighborhood. They even went so far as to get gluten free bread so my husband would have it to eat in the morning.  Wonderful charming people.<br/><br/>Breakfast was more than sufficient with an assortment of jams, and spreads for toast in the morning, a few kinds of cereal and fresh fruit. More than we expected.  Our room, the bathroom and the kitchen were all clean and tidy. <br/><br/>To me, part of traveling is meting new people and interacting with the real world - not stark hotel rooms. We enjoyed morning conversations with other visiting guests and all in all, it was a great place for us during our time there.<br/><br/>943 The city is beautiful and so is the Appartment. The interior were nice and the books on Ireland were very helpful. Also the amenities provided were useful. <br/>The location is nice and the neighbourhood is also warm.944 We were 5 guests and the place was very comfortable. Liam and Fiona both offered us very good attention and the communication was fine. They also arranged a shuttle from the airport that was good too. Thank you for hosting us. I would definitely recommend this place to stay in Dublin.945 Very clean comfortable beds and easy transportation via buses.946 Convenient place to stay when visiting Dublin, great access to shops near by.947 We enjoyed our stay here. Fiona was very quick to respond. Our only complaint is that the living room area was a bit chilly.948 This is a amazing place to stay very clean and well taken care of. Fiona was great to deal with very genuine and available to help at anytime.  Would certainly  go back again. Would  recommend this place to stay.949 Liam and Fiona's apartment was perfect for our family of four as we explored Dublin and the surrounding areas.  The apartment itself was quite charming, comfortable and very clean and had everything we needed to get going for the day. We also appreciated the local tips, they were quite helpful.  L Mulligan Grocer for dinner and the Cobblestone for drinks & music were perfect. It was also great having Hanlon's Corner a block away for breakfast as well as food and drinks after long days when we wanted to be close to the apartment - the food was quite good. The amazing Phoenix Park with the Dublin Zoo, which was great, are just a 10-15 minute walk away and well worth visiting.  Getting to the city center was a piece of cake as the bus stop is within sight of the apartment and the ride is very quick.  Getting to Trinity College to see the Book of Kells was maybe a 15-20 minute ride.  Once downtown, the city is very walkable with lots to offer.  While downtown check out Klaw (2 locations in Temple Bar) for great food! From Dublin we were also able to visit Malahide Castle and the incredible playground nearby as well as the fishing village of Howth one day, the stunning Glendalough and the Wicklow Mountains National Park ("the garden of Ireland") another, and Newgrange (get there early!), all reasonable car rides away and well worth day trips. All told we loved our time in Dublin and thank Liam and Fiona for hosting us in their lovely apartment!950 Lovely restored Victorian apartment not too far from the city Centre. If you enjoy walking it’s no problem, we did all our exploration on foot. Close to buses otherwise. The apartment was very clean, and the extra tall ceilings made it even more spacious. Bagels and fruit were left for us, and Fiona was always a quick text away. Also, two grocery stores within a five minute walk making buying those breakfast needs extra easy. I would recommend this apartment to anyone who doesn’t want to be in the middle of the bar scene and likes to “urban hike” around cities ❤️951 Great place, great location! <br/>Very luxurious952 Clean and functional accommodation.Even if it is a bit far from the center you are quickly on foot.Easy also to catch a taxi on the street.The only inconvenience we have had these are not very respectful neighbors who walked or ran in the apartment and that resounded a lot.953 Perfect accommodation in all aspects.954 Fantastic Victorian flat - a few minutes walk to centre of town. Clean, tidy with a good touch of class. <br/>Lovely place. Thank you955 Nice flat with good transport links. Only one sofa, picture shows two, but overall very pleased.956 Nice spacious flat and really handy to have a washer and dryer. Location is very handy with the park close by and only 30 minute walk into town.<br/>Liam and Fiona were great and always responded promptly to any inquiries. There were also very helpful and did what they could to make us feel welcome. Would definitely book with them again.957 Fiona and Liam have thought of everything you will need for your stay! I appreciated their quick response and recommendations.  Absolutely lovely stay at their AirBNB.958 Very clean, luxurious and well equipped apartment.As the apartment is beautiful inside, so is the building on the outside.The hosts are very kind and always ready to help and have made us in many useful information for our journey before the trip.959 My family of five ( kids 2,6,8) had a wonderful time. We loved that it was such a quick walk to phoenix park, which they really enjoyed playing at even though we did not get to see any deer. It was easy to catch the hop on/off tour from the park which the family loved. So convenient to have washer and dryer available and Fiona was super helpful with getting it started. Our room was super cozy, quiet and dark which was great for helping the kids sleep in after long days. Perfect for fixing up breakfast and found several restaurants in neighborhood to bring food back and enjoy with kids in peace and quiet after long day. Grocery store super convenient to get to as well.960 Amazing space!961 The apartment was comfortable and Liam and Fiona always reply very quickly. We had a great stay in Dublin!962 Brilliant apartment in a nice quiet area, nearby to the park. Great hosts and very kindly allowed us to checkout late. Thanks!963 Great location<br/>Very nice taxi driver proposed by Fiona.<br/>Thanks964 A wonderful stay965 This place is great!! We had 3 adults 2 kids and a baby and it was perfect.  Had an issue w the heat but they fixed it straight away. I would definitely stay here again. Their driver is excellent and very friendly (we had Gerry )966 It was a great experience!967 A beautiful and well-kept apartment. Easy access to downtown. Great restaurants in the area. Quick communication. A perfect stay.968 We had a great stay :)969 We had a great at Liam and Fiona’s apartment. Such a great space! The apartment was sparkling clean and has everything you will need for a comfortable stay. Liam and Fiona also go the extra mile with information on the area and are swift in response to any questions. We will be sure to use this location for future trips.970 Compact apartment in a old house conversion. It’s very clean and very quiet. Very close to the Park.  <br/>Everything here that states and all works. <br/>It’s not stunning it’s basic but is a great quiet place for a base. <br/>Owners are lovely and very helpful . <br/>The area is not the best allot of boarded up houses but ideal if you want to walk to the park .971 Great location and short walk to Phoenix Park which was great with 2 young kids in tow. Handy to have a washer for week-long stay. Great communication from Liam and Fiona :-)972 Easy to walk into Dublin and shops and park also walking distance.973 The place is wonderful. It's very spacious, the beds are comfy, clean, nice  neighbourhood and truly Victorian. We'll be back here next time we're in town.974 Exceptional apartment!! You will not be disappointed in staying here.  It has everything you need, like a home away from home.  Great location and quiet area.  We only wish we had time for the zoo which is right down the street.975 Nice spot , location ideal , host were very easy to deal with976 A genuinely lovely stay, good location, easy access to amenities, great as a hub to explore Dublin from977 We really enjoyed staying at Liam’s and Fiona’s flat! It is beautifully decorated, very clean and has all the amenities of home. We loved the location too. It is located in a quiet neighborhood with some pubs and shops nearby. There are several bus stops close by which makes it easy to get to and from the heart of Dublin. Liam and Fiona were very quick to respond to any questions we had and were very helpful. We highly recommend the James Joyce!!!978 Easy Check-In and well equipped kitchen.979 Lovely place, great location,980 Great communication with Fiona, she helped us with everything we needed. Very clean, nice and comfy beds. Recommended!981 This is a beautiful apartment in a walkable area. It was perfect for my last days I Dublin after driving around the country. Parking was always free and available on the street and I didn’t have a problem getting a space. The apartment is perfect for a family with all the space but I also really enjoyed it as a single traveler. I would absolutely recommend it!982 Extremely recommended!! <br/>Everything is as described, efficient communication and check-in. 10/10983 Thanks Fiona and Liam, it was a great stay and exactly as described. Located ideally close to where we were competing, with local shops situated within a quick walking distance. We would happily stay again!984 We had a wonderful stay at Liam and Fiona’a. Very tidy apartment and everything was perfectly arranged. Definitely recommend!985 The James Joyce apartment was very spacious and comfortable, with high ceilings and great natural light. The kitchen was fully equipped. The bed was comfortable. The location was nice- not in the middle of the chaos but easy access to all the main Dublin attractions. A short walk to two super markets and the Stoneybatter restaurant strip, and multiple and frequent bus routes that take you anywhere in Dublin (as a side note, look into the visitor leap pass: this all inclusive public transit pass is much cheaper than buying a leap card and charging per trip). The hosts were great communicators and responded <br/>very quickly. Would definitely recommend this for your stay in Dublin!986 Beautiful apartment within walking distance of very useful amenities. Having phoenix park within at 10/15 minute walk was great with the kids! We would recommend this apartment to anyone!!987 It was a very nice stay at the apartment of fiona and liam!<br/>Everything was organized perfectly, and the apartment is the perfect home for e nice vacation in dublin!988 Magnificent apartment located a few minutes by bus from the center.Very clean and super well equipped.The host is super welcoming and available to answer at any time.She also offered us to be sought by taxi and made us a summary of the things that must be seen around.Super pleasant and very kind, she told us with precision everything that was necessary.First time in Ireland, but this was a very good trip.989 A lovely apartment with a great equipment. Liam and Fiona provide everything you need and a lot of useful information for the area. It is quiet, but also not far from the center. We had a lovely time!990 We had a very pleasant stay at this cozy Victorian apartment. <br/>Convenient and safe location close to transportation and supermarkets. <br/>We had a great time in Dublin!991 Accommodation as advertising.The airport-hinging transfer is very practical.992 Your choice is very elegant and clean ,thanks for your help993 Nice place to stay, clean and tidy.<br/>Just bit hard to find the parking on the street.994 Central location, close to downtown and a short walk to the park. Beautiful and clean victorian apartment with beautiful features. Fiona was wonderful and responsive to any questions we had.995 Perfect location to experience Dublin. Comfortable beds. Great place. 10/10996 Great communication and such an awesome place to stay997 Great flat in a great location!998 We loved our stay. The place was the perfect amount of space for what we needed and so, so well decorated. The beds were comfortable and the place felt clean. We appreciate you sharing your place at such a great rate!999 Lovely clean tidy apartment in great location with easy access into town.<br/>Great communication from Liam and fiona.<br/>Would definitely stay again!1000 Everything was great during our stay!! The house was in a really convenient location to bars, pubs, tours etc so that was great…. We walked everywhere! The check in process was super direct and straight forward and was such a smooth experience which is rare to find when traveling internationally. <br/><br/>I traveled with 4 other adults and we had plenty of space… I would definitely recommend!1001 The apartment is really well located 25 minutes from the center and very close to a Tesco.<br/> largely large enough for a group of 5 friends. <br/> I recommend1002 Thank you for the stay in your flat.<br/>Everything was as it was described: not too far from town center and easy to join also by bus. The proximity of services was really useful.<br/>Peggy1003 We had a pleasant stay at Liam and Fiona’s place in Dublin! Location was good and we were always a walking distance away from our next stop. We also appreciated the detailed instructions provided in the guest information as well as the swift communication through airbnb.1004 Fiona was amazing answering all my questions I had about our trip. She even got us a car service to take us to the airport. The flat had enough room for all 5 adults and was centrally located to what we wanted to do. Thanks Fiona for a great stay.1005 Located in the heart of Stoneybatter, its a quick 15 min walk to the Liffey and maybe 20 to Temple Bar area.  The apartment was very clean, and is close to all of the major Dublin attractions.  Lots of bus, uber and taxi options.   Coffee and grocery close by (450'?) away.1006 Clean apartment, perfect for a stay in Dublin, maybe a bit small for six adult people.1007 This apartment was perfect for us. It was away from downtown and the noise, but close to bus stops and easy to navigate around the city. the beds are comfortable and the kitchen is ready for anything. We would stay here again on any visits to Dublin.1008 Lovely home with a great location! We walked to grocery stores, restaurants, and Phoenix Park. Easy access for bus and taxis.1009 Beautiful central location 😀 will defo be back good value for money clean and good communication from the hosts 😀1010 This property earned 5 stars by the hosts attentive communication alone!  We had trouble with a hotel booking once we arrived to Dublin and lucked into a booking at this property.  Fiona accomodated us beautifully and at very short notice.  Check in was so easy and our family of four had a comfortable stay.  The location was just outside the hustle and bustle which was perfect for us.  We felt very welcomed as guests and that always makes a difference.1011 The James Joyce was a great place for our family of 6 traveling from the US.  It was far enough from city center so as to not worry about noise, but close enough that there was good public transit.  Having a grocery nearby was nice. Wish there were a few more food options close, but we managed.1012 The apartment location is terrific. Central to everything and Stoneybatter was great fun. The apartment was clean with a good shower (not always the case in Ireland). The street parking was very convenient, and being so close to the Phoenix park was perfect!1013 We absolutely loved the apartment and the friendliness of the host! However, being able to store luggage before and after check-out sealed the deal - we will definitely be returning to Liam and Fiona’s if / when we return to Dublin! Thanks for the great stay!1014 The experience we had was great! Jose and Vadym are incredible hosts and very hospitable.<br/><br/>They provided all the information about Dublin we could possibly wish for and offered their help and advice regarding everything we were interested in.<br/><br/>The flat and the room absolutely fantastic, comfortable and cosy and clean and we felt just like at home. Also, the turkish coffee Vadym prepared was just like home.1015 These guys are amazing.  Vadym surprised us with Russian pancakes the first morning (even though he had a broken leg - what a trooper!) YUM.  So tasty! Wish we had more time to check out all of his Dublin recommendations.  Also, the cafe across the street has a very tasty irish breaky.  Not too far from all the downtown happenings, very clean, and an incredibly quiet room to sleep it too.1016 Jose and Vadym were wonderful hosts! They were both so welcoming and excited to have me in their home and I loved getting to chat with them. They offered me tea, coffee, and a great breakfast along with several great suggestions for places to see and things to do in Dublin! Despite his broken leg, Vadym made me breakfast and made sure I had everything I needed and Jose went out of his way to make sure I got to their apartment ok. I had a fantastic stay with them, I wish I could have stayed longer!1017 Jose and Vadym could not have been better hosts.  Their home is lovely and they were extremely welcoming.  Even I didn't know how bad the hours were going to be for my work and how much it was going to take out of me, but I always came back to a warm and comfortable place where I could recharge.  When my bag didn't make it on the flight with me, they told me to go enjoy the city and they would make sure they were home if it needed to be delivered.1018 Jose and Vadym have been wonderful hosts, they make us feel at home. Their apartment is beautiful and our bedroom marvellous. Fantastic experience, we definitively would repeated.1019 This was my first Airbnb experience and I can say it was great. The apartment is very nice these guys are great hosts. Great location to explore Dublin.1020 Hi!We love the house, the reception and sympathy of Joseph and Vadym!It was all 5*!As we learned in Ireland, "Thank you folks" !!!1021 Jose and Vadym were fantastic hosts! The location of their home is very convenient - within walking distance to all major sightseeing, and only 1 minute from a tram stop. Their home is wonderful. Jose and Vadym were especially helpful in providing directions and any other possible inquiries. Each morning they provided coffee/tea and toast with wonderful homemade jam. Our final morning, we were surprised with delicious Russian pancakes before our flight. They are truly kind and caring, and I would certainly recommend staying with them to anyone!1022 I had a pleasure staying at Jose and Vadymir's flat. It was a fantastic experience! The flat is extremely clean and they made me feel very welcome. The property is within a walking distance to the city centre. Will definitely be staying again!1023 Jose and Vadym were absolutely fantastic hosts! They were very welcoming, especially helpful in providing directions and any other possible inquiries. The location of their home is very convenient - within walking distance to all major sightseeing, and only one minute from a tram stop. Their home is wonderful, very beautiful! Each morning they provided coffee / tea with wonderful homemade jam. They are truly kind and caring, and I would certainly recommend staying with them to anyone! <br/>Thank you very much!<br/>Federica and Davide1024 I had a very pleasant stay at JV's place. The place is very clean, and quiet too. JV provided a clear directions from the aiport to their apartment, and Jose did picked me up from Fatima Luas station which is very close to the building. JV are very welcoming. Jose explained everything that I possible need to know about the house and around the house before he left for work. I met Vadym for a brief moment, we chatted but it feels like I already knew him for a long time. I would recommend others to stay at JV's place. They are both nice and very talented people. It has easy access to almost all places. Hope to see you both again!1025 Vadym and Jose, were very welcoming and friendly when I arrived. They offered me tea or coffee, and gave me home made pizza, and were eager to chat and were great company. I felt at home there. The room was great and i had a bathroom next to it that nobody else was using. The area was fine, just off the luas line.1026 Jose and Vadym are great hosts! It was a pleasure for us to stay at their beautiful home and we felt really comfortable. You are such very friendly and helpful people! We enjoyed talking with each of them and they offered us great advice regarding where to buy tickets for the luas and where to go. We would highly recommend you to anyone who's looking for a warm place and open-hearted hosts! :)1027 My friend and I decided to go to Dublin for a weekend as neither of us had been before. Neither of us had used Airbnb, but had heard good things. Our experience with Jose & Vadym was absolutely great. They were quick to respond to my inquiries and messages throughout the entire process of booking the room. When we checked in, Vadym greeted us with a warm smile, offered a cup of tea/coffee, and sat us down with a map and highlighted the best things to do. On our last morning, we left with a full stomach from breakfast & a hug to see us off. The space was clean & welcoming, and very easy to access using the Luas. If/when I return to Dublin, I will absolutely hope to stay with Jose & Vadym again!1028 I just love Jose and Vadym's apartment! It's in such a great location and the room was impeccable. I had my own bathroom that was stocked with everything that I might need, even a med kit. Jose was unwell when I stayed but Vadym made me feel right at home.1029 How nice was staying with these Two guys that help us a lot. The bathroom was clean, the bedroom not Too big, but with a perfect siZe and a wonderful outside part.They were always prompt To help us and the public transport was very close. Love the city and the acommodation. Thank u so much!1030 This place has everything that makes an AirBnB great: Spacious room (with balcony!), cosy bed, great connection into the city (tram stop right in front of the building) and above all, the best hosts you could only hope for. Having a private bathroom was also a big plus.<br/><br/>I was there for a day as a stop over to a conference and expected to spend my time browsing the internet and head to bed soon after. Instead I found myself watching Irish TV shows with Vadym and Jose, talking, discussing and laughing hard with them into the late hours. The culinary experience was also impeccable (turkish coffee and self made strawberry jam for breakfast and some Russian sweets and great tea in between).<br/><br/>After returning from my trip I find myself talking about Vadym & Jose just as much as about Dublin itself. Staying with them felt like visiting good friends. Highly recommended, especially if you look for more than just a room.1031 Jose and Vadym are very gentle and kind. They contacted me since the booking was confirmed. Their place is very tidy and clear. We are provided with almost everything we need. They even recommended us restaurants and provided adapter. Highly recommend their place!1032 Vadym and Jose made us feel very welcomed from the very beginning., with offering us recommendations and a cozy and clean place to stay. I mostly enjoyed the get-together in the evening with a hot pot of tea and many fun and interesting stories of their lifes! Even though it was in the beginning of their working week, both of them had time for us. I enjoyed staying with you guys. It was a very pleasant first experience with airbnb thanks to you. I'll make sure to let you know, when I'm around sometime again :)<br/>1033 Hi Jose & Vadym,<br/><br/>You have a lovely home. We felt very welcome & slept like logs. Very convenient location to the city centre. Thank you for your warm hospitality. <br/><br/>Ruth1034 This was our first AirBnB experience and it was very positive. We felt very welcome!<br/>It was nice to come back in the evening after a long day in the city and to have a cup of tea with Vadym on the couch. Vadym also provided us with some nice recommendations.<br/>Good location and very close to public transport.<br/>1035 Jose and Vadym were great! Hospitable, kind, accommodating, interesting and easy-going. Jose walked with me to town and showed me a few places that were particle to my interests.  As a woman I felt very safe staying there. The place itself was very clean and well stocked. The bed was super cosy and the room was very dark and quiet at night which allowed for a great sleep. I could have easily walked from their place to the center of town but I took the tram which one was only an easy 10 min ride.  Just make sure you have cash because you can't buy the tram ticket with a card and there was no ATM in sight! It's a residential neighborhood so it was chill. I would definitely stay there again when in Dublin and I recommend it! Thanks guys!1036 It was a great experience. The house was beautiful and our room had a lovely balcony to have coffee in the morning. The location is good close to the centre so you can walk everywhere. Vadim was a great host, he gave us directions and tips to explore Dublin. We would love to come back. Thanks for the great experience :)1037 Jose & Vadym are gracious hosts! The location is a 2-minute walk to the Luas (tram) with quick access to central Dublin. Exceptionally clean and tidy, it was a delight to stay for a few nights. They gave me lots of tips on what to see for my first trip to Dublin, and helped make my stay very comfortable. Thank you Jose & Vadym!1038 Jose and Vadym made us feel very welcome. The place was lovely and exactly as described. It was spotless, stylish and cosy. It was also conveniently located only a street away from Fatima stop on the Luas tram line. Thanks for the enjoyable stay.1039 We had a great stay at Jose & Vadym's. They had everything and more then we needed, and were very friendly and kind. They also gave us a map of the town and explained the top places to see as well as which tram to take to get back and forth to town. We had a great stay here, Thank you!1040 Perfect accommodation.Felt very comfortable during our stay in Dublin.In a few minutes on foot in the city center or even faster by tram directly in front of the door.Thank you also for the umbrella :) Jose & Vadim were great hosts.To be recommended without restriction.1041 Jose and Vadym were wonderful hosts!  We showed up several hours later than they expected and both were still very warm and gracious.  The location was perfect with easy access to the rail into city centre and Jose and Vadym gave us the run down on all the best dining and shopping locations. The room was lovely and everything about the experience was brilliant!!1042 Jose and Vadym are wonderful hosts. We were welcomed with a warm cup of tea and felt "at home" from the beginning on.<br/><br/>The room was cozy, the bed and matress very comfortable and it was quiet at night.<br/><br/>We could easily start our day trips to Dublin city from the appartment.   My girlfriend and I can recommend this host ! You will have a lovely stay.1043 B&B located a bit on the outskirts of Dublin 10 min by tram from the Temple Bar district.<br/><br/> Small, silent and clean room.The breakfast could be more generous (and not Irish breakfast).1044 Jose and Vadym were excellent hosts and their flat was perfect for my trip to Dublin. The location is convenient and within steps to the LOUS and made it easy to get in and out of town. Would stay here again and highly recommend it!1045 I didn't get to meet Vadym, only Jose during my short stay in Dublin. Jose was nice, even made me coffee one morning and we had a good chat. Their home is lovely, tastefully designed and amazingly clean! For those who don't want to stay in the city centre, then this would be a good place to stay given its close proximity to the Fatima tram station, which is only 2 stops away from the Heuston bus and train station. My friends warned me the neighbourhood was a bit dodgy but I did not have any problems even though I came home late both nights.1046 Jose and Vadym were very welcoming- our room was set up like a hotel, and the washroom had all the amenities that one could possibly need and more! Lovely hosts who obviously care about their guests' Airbnb experience. Thank you for all the care and effort you put into making our stay home-y and comfortable.1047 My first experience with airbnb. We had a wonderful stay at Jose & Vadyms. The two guys are very friendly and Kind. We feel like coming home since the first moment. Thank you for everything. :) 5***** plus!!!!<br/>See you soon.1048 We had so much fun staying with Jose and Vadym! Their place was great, very clean and super close to the train. For us, the best part, though, was getting to spend time chatting with them. It's wonderful to have an air bnb experience with people who are so kind-hearted and genuine... I only wish they didn't live so far away! :)1049 Jose and Vadym were absolutely wonderful hosts and people in general. When we arrived, Vadym showed us the apartment and gave us a "must see" list. Unfortunately, after our long journey and dawn to dusk sightseeing we were very tired and didn't spend a lot of time with them. Their apartment is quite close to the heart of the city because we were able to walk to Temple Bar in about 30 minutes. The bathroom is exceptionally clean and the bedroom is very comfortable with a cute little balcony. We hope to visit again someday and get to know Jose and Vadym better. Thank you for your kindness and hospitality!1050 Everything worked tip.The landlord was immediately available and we immediately found the apartment.Very nice landlord and everything in order and clean.1051 So hospitable!  Very lovely men.  The room was beautiful as was the apartment.  If I'm back in Dublin I'd like to stay there just to visit with them if anything.1052 Vadym & Jose did their utmost to give me the warmest of feelings of welcome. Not only before my arrival with very clear instructions on where to go and how to get there, but also during my stay with a private tour around the local supermarket,  access to the kitchen, loads of useful and knowledgeable information on Dublin, nice chats and a fun food exchange :-) Having a private bathroom and balcony are just nice extras. Very much enjoyed my stay with them and would definitely stay with them again.1053 The apartment is located a few meters from a tram station that leads directly to the city center. The room is very nice. Jose and Vadym were very nice hosts, we even had the chance to have some of Vadim's wonderful pancakes for breakfast.1054 I had a great time at José and Vadym's home. The room was very nice, clean, comfy... I had my own bathroom and breakfast in the morning. Luas in front of their house, convenient. I was able to leave my luggage at their home to collect it after the check-out time for I had a flight in the evening. Communication before and on my arrival: fast and helpful responses.  There is nothing I could complain about. Besides José and Vadym are super friendly, I had nice chats with both of them and a funny evening with their friends :) Will defo stay there again next time!1055 Jose and Vadym are great hosts.  We were not at their place for very long, but nevertheless their commitment to making our stay as pleasant as possible was evident.<br/><br/>Their apartment is quite large, very clean, nicely decorated, and very comfortable.<br/><br/>We had to catch a cab to the airport early in the morning, and Vadym went out of his way to make sure that the cab was there on time, which we appreciated greatly.1056 We had a wonderful time staying here! They were both so helpful and accommodating and showed us all the great things to see in Dublin. Recommend them to everyone!1057 I only stayed one night - they were so kind they made an exception to the minumum stay - but it was just perfect. I only met Jose, and he was a perfect host, very friendly and welcoming. The room is great, as it is the apartment: very clean, warm and furnished with great taste. The location is just a few tram stops from the heart of Dublin, perfect. <br/>I would definitely stay there again if I went to Dublin another time.1058 What a lovely time we had,we were very apprehensive about air B n B,as this was the first time we used it, these two lovely blokes made us feel like part of their family,went out of their way to make our stay such a wonderful experience,we will miss the long chats and great laughs.we can not recommend them highly enough1059 Very warm welcome and great, clean comfortable accommodation!!1060 A very nice welcoming, Teresa was very kind, helpful and easy going.1061 Teresa and her husband are two lovely people. They kindly welcomed us into their home and gave us all the information needed to spend time in Dublin.<br/>The house is very clean and comfortable, the center is easily reached by public transport. Breakfast is included and very good. really recommended.1062 Teresa and Hugh offer a warm, welcoming and creative home. We had the twin room and a relaxed start to our days, sight seeing and catching up with friends. They gave us all the information we needed to make the most of our stay, room was great, suited my aesthetic sensibilities. Lovely people, would happily recommend to anyone I know and beyond.1063 Teresa (and Hugh) absolutely delightful hosts with lovely home and very comfy accommodation.   A brilliant start to our trip in Ireland (we're having a wonderful time!).  Thanks again for a great few days, Rob & Kathy1064 Myself  and my fiancé recently stayed with Teresa and Hugh for two weeks while we were in between permanent accommodation. The location of their cottage is brilliant, 15 mins walk to dundrum center and another 15 mins to the heart of Dublin ! The cottage itself is lovely and extremely comfortable, like a home away from home! Teresa and Hugh were amazing hosts and went above and beyond to make sure our stay was an enjoyable one! I would recommend this property to anyone planning a trip to Dublin ! You will not be dissapointed!! Thanks guys Colman and Alex1065 Teresa was a wonderful host. She was so easy to communicate with and gave us great directions and tips for getting around Dublin and for the rest of our stay in Ireland!  She and her husband were so hospitable and welcoming--I highly recommend staying at their home.  Thanks again for a lovely time Teresa!1066 10/10!! Teresa and Hugh are two of the most lovely people I have met. They were friendly, welcoming, informative, and easygoing - the perfect hosts! This was a fantastic place to stay - easily accessible to the city centre but in a quiet suburb with a handy shopping centre and restaurant precinct nearby. The only difficulty was getting out of bed in the morning to explore Dublin - the bed was so comfortable and warm - perfect for the weary traveller! I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here and if I (hopefully) return to Dublin this will most definitely be my first choice for accommodation! Highly recommended!1067 We had a wonderful time staying with Teresa! Churchtown is close to Dundrum which is really close to central Dublin and easily accessible by Luas (tram). Be sure to visit the great shopping centre in Dundrum (walking distance from the house)? Teresa's home is welcoming and cosy and she is a fantastic and helpful host. We had some great conversations! I would recommend a stay at her house to anyone!! Thanks Teresa we miss you already!1068 Great place to stay. Friendly and really helpful. Location is beside public transport so getting into town is easy!1069 We stayed here for 3 nights and Jose and Vadym did everything to make us feel at home, they even offered us their homemade cake for breakfast :) it's been a pleasure to met them and if we're gonna come back again in Ireland we surely contact them1070 Very nice friendly host.<br/> Everything worked very well;You expected us everything to show us;<br/> Zimmer was small but with a balcony and close to the tram.<br/> WiFi available, kitchen use and bathroom everything was okay.<br/> Both were very helpful.1071 Im very grateful to hosts! They were very polite and friendly. House is exceptional! Very Spacious! Nice fresh design.     The same about the room!<br/>Im really impressed by bathroom and well the whole house to be honest. It has this feeling of boutique hotel where you can relax after a long day in the city. <br/>Highly recommended!1072 The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable! The bedroom also had a very cute balcony. Jose and Vadym were very nice and let us use their fridge to make sandwiches. Vadym also got the room ready very quickly to accommodate an early checkin. The only downside is that several Dubliners told us it is not the best area. It is fine during the day, just don't walk around by yourself at night and maybe take a taxi home on late nights. We never ran into any problems, this is just what we heard from locals.1073 The stay with Jose and Vadym was great.All clean.Communication very well.I can only recommend the two!1074 Jose and Vadym were very welcoming and made me feel right at home.  They have a lovely, quiet apartment and the room was clean and cozy. This is a great place to stay for easy access to the city without being in the city center. Thanks Jose and Vadym, for tips on the city and great conversation!1075 Great place to stay! Hosts were incredibly nice and welcoming. The location is perfect for anyone wanting to stay in Dublin since it is very easy to find and right near a Luas (train) stop. Would definitely recommend to anyone and would stay there again if we should return to Dublin!1076 Vadym and José were very friendly, helping, welcoming and overall wonderful hosts. They were very understanding that we arrived quite late at the evening and had to leave early in the morning. The accommodation was very nice and only max. 10 minutes away from the city centre. We had a lovely time. If we have the chance to do another trip to Dublin, we would definitely choose to stay there :)1077 Jose and Vadym were gracious hosts that were kind, friendly, and very welcoming.  We had a great time staying at their wonderful home. Would recommend to anyone visiting Dublin!1078 Wow! Such great hosts. Not only did they stay up late for my arrival but got up very early for my departure - these poor boys will need a holiday after my visit1079 Our experience with Jose and Vadym was extremely positive.  Their apartment was warm, friendly, clean, and safe.  Living next to the Luas tram was also convenient for getting in and out of town.   Both Jose and Vadym are very accommodating and really took the time to make us feel comfortable.  They even spent time mapping out which monuments, restaurants, and pubs we needed to see for the time we were there.  Living with Jose and Vadym was so enjoyable that we had  dinner with them our last night in Dublin.  They are great hosts and I recommend their apartment with the highest regards.  I have no regrets and would definitely stay here again.  Thank you Jose and Vadym!1080 Great vacation!<br/> The hosts are very friendly and helpful.<br/> Accommodation and surrounding as described.<br/> You just can't go wrong.<br/> So thanks to Jose & Vadym.<br/>1081 <br/>Jose and Vadum were excellent hosts, providing information and ideas to make our stay better. The condo is right on the Luas stop Fatima which quickly gets you anywhere quickly. Although some Dubliners seemed concerned at the area being dicey (I think called Federal Mansions) we saw absolutely no reason for that and felt safe at all times of day. <br/>They provided tea, breakfast or snacks, a comfy bed, large bath and just enough privacy.  I'd go back anytime. Thanks so much, guys.<br/>1082 We loved our experience at Jose and Vadym.They quickly made us feel comfortable, and they were available to answer our questions if necessary.The location is great, and the sector very quiet.The room and apartment were very clean.With the tram it was great and so easy to get to the city center as to the airport.I recommend this place.1083 What a perfect introduction to AirBnB. Jose and Vadym are wonderful people and their home is just perfect, right on the Luas and close to Heuston Station. We had no worries getting around, even late at night. Several people seemed concerned that the location was a bit dicey, but we saw absolutely no issues, even walking back from the Guinness Storehouse one Luas stop away. Americans, remember to bring your washcloths! They are not common overseas. But, we would definitely stay here again.1084 Jose & Vadym were incredible hosts - they helped us plan activities, called a taxi for us, etc.  Their place is very clean and is centrally located.   Thanks for a great time!1085 Jose and Vadym were excellent hosts and I would recommend staying at this apartment.<br/>Everything was as described in the listing. The apartment was clean and nicely decorated, the bed was incredibly comfortable and the balcony was lovely.  The proximity to the tram stop and then the Houston station for the airport bus was really helpful. <br/>Vadym and Jose were easy to communicate with prior to my arrival and the listing includes very clear instructions on how to find the place. They very welcoming and I enjoyed insightful chats with both of them. They seem to genuinely enjoy hosting and really strive to make their guests comfortable. Would definitely stay here again!1086 We had a great time with Vadym and Jose !!The location of the apartment is absolutely awesome, the tram is only 1 minute away and in 10 minutes you are directly in the city center.Vadym and Jose are both totally friendly and helpful.<br/><br/> Absolutely recommended for Dublin visitors.Without restriction.1087 Superb room (in a very nice apartment) a few steps from public transport.Jose welcomed us like friends and gave us many advice (which were of great help to us!).I highly recommend José and Vadym's room!<br/><br/> Lovely Room (in a very Nice Apartment) A Few Steps Away from the Luas.Jose WELCOMED US AS Friends and Provided US ADVICES (which have been of a great help!).I Recommend Strongly Jose and Vadym's Room!1088 Jose and Vasym are really welcoming people, the room was very nice, clean and comfortable (as was the whole flat). we even had our own bathroom with towels! they provided us breakfast and even gave us some helpful tips about the city. perfect hosts and a really nice place to spend a few days in dublin!1089 We enjoyed 3 nights at Jose and Vadyms place. The flat was very welcoming, quit and clean. <br/>You can reach the Guiness Storehouse in 5min walk, the Templebar in about 30min walk. <br/>We had with both enjoyable chats and because of such nice guys we like travelling with airbnb.1090 Jose and Vadym were great hosts. This was my first Airbnb experience and they made it wonderful. <br/><br/>Directions to their place were clear and easy to figure out. <br/><br/>Their home is clean, nicely put together, bright and open. <br/><br/>I ended up coming earlier than my reservation and Jose accommodated me and made me feel welcome.  Both Jose and Vadym were warm and were easy to talk to.  I had a wonderful time at their place and I would definitely recommend them. <br/><br/>If I'm back in Ireland, I'd want to stay with them:)1091 This was a perfect choice; the home was welcoming and as my mother used to say:  so immaculate that one can even eat off the floor.  From the time I walked in, I felt like family.  The room was comfortable in every way and it honestly felt like this was my home in Dublin.  Jose and Vadym are artists and everything is aesthetic and lovely.  I had a lot of privacy, and yet also memorable opportunities to 'hang out' and share interesting and cherished  conversations.  It is easy to get there from the Airport using public transportation and the Luas down the block makes daily travel easy.1092 Jose and Vadym were very welcoming and helpful.  The room was just as described, with a nice balcony and closet space.  It was nice and quiet, and I slept great!  I would definitely stay here again.1093 Jose and Vadym were very friendly hosts who made my friend, Elsa, and I feel at home in their beautiful apartment. Thank you for the wonderful hospitality!1094 It was a great little cottage and Teresa was extremely helpful, kind and hospitable. She's a wonderful person to talk to and gives great advice on traveling round Dublin, as well as life! Plus the bed was amazingly comfortable with a toasty electric blanket to keep you warm and cosy at night. The only issue I had was with unmentioned house rules. I had an early morning flight back to London and back to Asia, meaning i"d be on a plane for over a day - a shower is of paramount importance to me. Being told that people should not be taking showers at 5 in the morning is a no no to me. If this was mentioned in house rules, I'd have chosen a different place to begin with.1095 We absolutely loved staying with Teresa and Hugh! They are such lovely people I would've loved to stay with them for a few more days if I could've! The room was very comfortable and clean and so was the bathroom. The breakfast was so nice too. Loved everything about staying in their home. It was just a short bus ride away from the center of Dublin. Would love to stay there again and would definitely recommend staying here to anyone visiting Dublin!1096 Teresa and Hugh were just the sweetest couple imaginable - very warm and welcoming! They had a handy map all made up for us showing us how to get around the neighborhood, and their home was so lovely. We especially loved that the neighborhood was nice and quiet, but it was so convenient to get into town from there. And we appreciated all the communication Teresa provided prior to our visit. Would absolutely recommend them!1097 We had a lovely stay with Teresa! Her home is perfect and breakfast was always delicious, a great spread! The bed was very comfortable and she and her husband were very helpful! Would highly recommend staying here if you're in Dublin!1098 We had an amazing time in Dublin thanks to Teresa and Hugh! As soon as we arrived,  soaked through due to the typical weather, they turned the heating on to dry our clothes, made us tea and shared a huge collection of "Things to do in Dublin and how to get there". Although these are only little things, they made a huge impact on how comfortable we felt in their beautiful home and on our overall stay. The house was perfectly located... near enough to Marlay Park (for concerts and a nice stroll), local shopping centre and restaurants where Guinness is much cheaper than in town ;) and also the centre of Dublin. There were a huge amount of options for breakfast! If we went to Dublin again, we would definitely stay here!  Overall an awesome stay with a lovely couple!1099 My friend and I spend 4 nights with Teresa whilst going to a festival in Dublin and we had a great stay!! <br/>Teresa and Hugh are both great people and very generous, openminded and we really enjoyed their hospitality! They were always willing to help.<br/><br/>The rooms are comfortable and the same as on the pictures.<br/><br/>It takes about 20/30 to get to Dublin city centre which is very easy to get to! <br/><br/>when we go to Dublin again we will definitely stay with Teresa and Hugh a couple of nights!1100 Teresa and Hugh were very friendly and welcoming. They were interested in what we were going to do or how our day was. And if we needed help Teresa always gave us very helpful advice. They also have a very lovely house which was very relaxing and comfortable. We had a very nice time in Dublin and are looking forward to spend one last night there in a few days.1101 Incredibly welcome and flexible, generous and friendly! It's a beautiful area with great transport links to the city centre. Not that you need to go anywhere as the local town centre is very well equipped to keep you occupied for a week. The hosts were very kind, full of local knowledge and extremely accommodating.1102 Teresa and Hugh are cordial people who really give you a great time.We were received with coffee/tea and immediately received all kinds of information about nice trips.Room was basic, but with good beds and nice and warm.Breakfast was great, spacious with both bread and breakfast cereals.Furthermore, it was cozy house and clean.We come back!1103 Very friendly welcome in a nice apartment, where you feel at home ...1104 Jose&Vadym are very sweet and have a charming flat! Vadym was incredibly patient with me, and helped me navigate Dublin's public transportation. The room is cozy and looks out on a deck into a private courtyard. The flat is very clean and the bathroom is immaculate! Seriously, a great place to stay!1105 Super-welcoming, particularly given I arrived later than planned. Nice, cosy room, own bathroom with hot shower. Lovely stay :-) Many thanks.1106 Everything was as in the photo, Vadym was the best host in the world, he even made a great sponge cake!The super clean house, all very collected.The very comfortable bed in a perfect room.The very funny talk times.It is very close to the center and Vadym explains phenomenal where you can go, what can be done, where to eat ... We have felt at home and not only recommend it, we are sure we will repeat.<br/>1107 Vadym greeted us and made us feel very welcome. We were in a hurry to catch a dinner reservation so we didn't have a lot of time to sit down and visit with him, though he invited us to. The apartment building was very secure and the apartment itself was very nice.1108 As good of an experience as it gets. I felt right at home throughout my stay thanks to Jose and Vadyms hospitality. The room/private bathroom is well equipped and had everything I could possibly need - from shaving cream to moisturizer.<br/> The location is also very convenient. It is a very pleasant 20-minute walk to the centre via loads of historic sites and cafes. There is also a great gym and spa downstairs that I highly recommend right downstairs for just 8 euros. Anyways, do yourself a favor and stay here.1109 Jose & Vadym have a nice place, close to the Luna so easy to get into town. I was made to feel very welcome, great hospitality. I would stay with Jose & Vadym again.1110 Jose & Vadym are top notch hosts.  Warm and welcoming,  waited up for us after an already late and delayed flight.   Bed comfy,  room quiet,  and all the basics on hand.   Accommodating of families,  highly recommend. Thanks guys :)1111 I don't know where should I start from.<br/>The place and the flat and Jose &vadym all together made me having fantastic time. <br/>Clean , warm welcome, friendly, sense of human, respected and super people.<br/>I'm sorry vadym didn't have the chance to say goodbye to you. <br/>I wish you all the best guys <br/>High recommend. <br/>Thank you Jose&vadym1112 Jose & Vadym really are superhosts! They made us feel welcome from the moment we arrived, the room is cosy and warm and they try and be as flexible as possible with information, timings and handovers to make sure you have a great time in Dublin.1113 Perfect appartment to spent few days in Dublin. Modern, very tidy and quiet, and close to the center through the red line. Jose and Vadym are the perfect hosts, incredibly nice, easy-going, and willing to make you feel at home !1114 To date, my best experience of accommodation in British / Irish soil, for hospitality and for cleaning! <br/> promoted with flying colors.<br/> Not really central but well connected accommodation.1115 The apparent is very well located just one minute away from the tramway stop. Everything you can expect in a cozy, welcoming environment. The apartment is also very clean and the hosts are there to answer all of your questions and give you tips about Dublin. I would definitely recommend this place if you ever have the chance to visit Dublin :)1116 Jose and Vadym were amazing hosts! They were really warm and welcomed us into their apartment like we were family. Stop is within a 2 minute walk from public transportation, very convenient. They even called a taxi for us in the early morning for us to get to the airport - would definitely stay there again.1117 My son and I had a fantastic time staying with Jose and Vadym, they were very welcoming! Had made an awesome gluten free chocolate cake and stayed up to get to know us! They treated us like family very conscientious about our needs and comfort! I wish we had been able to stay longer! I would recommend them highly as hosts!1118 Nice place located in a residential area, excellent house and host.1119 I had a very nice experience in Ireland!!! The house and neighborhood were great, and perfect for my sisters and I's needs. Teresa and her husband were so nice!! Teresa gave us suggestions on what to do and provided us with directions to the Luas tram (only about a 10-15 min walk) that takes you to the city and is very convenient. They were very inviting and welcoming as well. Teresa's husband called the cab for us to pick us up at 6 am, which was a very big help since we couldn't use our phones. Also, churchtown/dundrum area is a very nice quiet neighborhood with a huge and very nice mall.  Overall, I had a lovely experience!1120 Teresa is amazing!  She was extremely easy to communicate with and gave phenomenal recommendations.  The room was comfortable, clean and better than I could have imagined.  I had such a nice time and would stay here again and again.1121 We has a lovely stay at the house of Teresa. She made us feel very welcome and  was very helpful with finding activities. Everything was clean and quiet.1122 Teresa was an absolute pleasure! She and her husband were so warm and welcoming from the second we got there. They showed us everywhere in Dublin that we could go and gave us all the routes to get there! The cottage was lovely and was everything we could ever hope for. The both of them made our trip that much more special. I couldn't of been happier.1123 I had 3 very good nights in Ireland! It was a lovely house with a nice garden. The bed was very comfortable and the shower was also very good. The breakfast was also delicious (especially the blueberry cornflakes and the fresh milk).<br/><br/>Teresa and her husband were very kind to tell me about what to do because I got only 2,5 days in Irland. I went to the mountains and a waterfall one day and to Dublin one other day. The trip to mountains was amazing!<br/><br/>Dublin was a little bit more far away that I have expected: 15 min walk and 15 min in the LUAS (metro). The good thing was that I was only 8 km from the mountains so this house is good situated if you want both the city and the beautiful nature.<br/><br/>I would really like to come back to Ireland one day!1124 Teresa and her husband were fantastic.They have explained how I travel to different points of interest and have helped us with the excursion reserve.The place is beautiful, although a little far from the center, in Tram you arrive in 10 minutes.The house has everything you need to have a good stay.I would undoubtedly return.Thank you!!1125 Good welcome, pleasant house, the Luas nearby is a real asset.<br/>1126 We had a great time at Teresa.She and her husband are very warm, welcoming and friendly!They are also very good advice.<br/> The house is super pretty, the breakfast with seen on the garden it was the top.In addition we are a stone's throw from the tram, ideal for going to the city center.<br/> We immediately feel good, like at home.<br/> I recommend live this accommodation.957 Fiona and Liam have thought of everything you will need for your stay! I appreciated their quick response and recommendations.  Absolutely lovely stay at their AirBNB.958 Very clean, luxurious and well equipped apartment.As the apartment is beautiful inside, so is the building on the outside.The hosts are very kind and always ready to help and have made us in many useful information for our journey before the trip.959 My family of five ( kids 2,6,8) had a wonderful time. We loved that it was such a quick walk to phoenix park, which they really enjoyed playing at even though we did not get to see any deer. It was easy to catch the hop on/off tour from the park which the family loved. So convenient to have washer and dryer available and Fiona was super helpful with getting it started. Our room was super cozy, quiet and dark which was great for helping the kids sleep in after long days. Perfect for fixing up breakfast and found several restaurants in neighborhood to bring food back and enjoy with kids in peace and quiet after long day. Grocery store super convenient to get to as well.960 Amazing space!961 The apartment was comfortable and Liam and Fiona always reply very quickly. We had a great stay in Dublin!962 Brilliant apartment in a nice quiet area, nearby to the park. Great hosts and very kindly allowed us to checkout late. Thanks!963 Great location<br/>Very nice taxi driver proposed by Fiona.<br/>Thanks964 A wonderful stay965 This place is great!! We had 3 adults 2 kids and a baby and it was perfect.  Had an issue w the heat but they fixed it straight away. I would definitely stay here again. Their driver is excellent and very friendly (we had Gerry )966 It was a great experience!967 A beautiful and well-kept apartment. Easy access to downtown. Great restaurants in the area. Quick communication. A perfect stay.968 We had a great stay :)969 We had a great at Liam and Fiona’s apartment. Such a great space! The apartment was sparkling clean and has everything you will need for a comfortable stay. Liam and Fiona also go the extra mile with information on the area and are swift in response to any questions. We will be sure to use this location for future trips.970 Compact apartment in a old house conversion. It’s very clean and very quiet. Very close to the Park.  <br/>Everything here that states and all works. <br/>It’s not stunning it’s basic but is a great quiet place for a base. <br/>Owners are lovely and very helpful . <br/>The area is not the best allot of boarded up houses but ideal if you want to walk to the park .971 Great location and short walk to Phoenix Park which was great with 2 young kids in tow. Handy to have a washer for week-long stay. Great communication from Liam and Fiona :-)972 Easy to walk into Dublin and shops and park also walking distance.973 The place is wonderful. It's very spacious, the beds are comfy, clean, nice  neighbourhood and truly Victorian. We'll be back here next time we're in town.974 Exceptional apartment!! You will not be disappointed in staying here.  It has everything you need, like a home away from home.  Great location and quiet area.  We only wish we had time for the zoo which is right down the street.975 Nice spot , location ideal , host were very easy to deal with976 A genuinely lovely stay, good location, easy access to amenities, great as a hub to explore Dublin from977 We really enjoyed staying at Liam’s and Fiona’s flat! It is beautifully decorated, very clean and has all the amenities of home. We loved the location too. It is located in a quiet neighborhood with some pubs and shops nearby. There are several bus stops close by which makes it easy to get to and from the heart of Dublin. Liam and Fiona were very quick to respond to any questions we had and were very helpful. We highly recommend the James Joyce!!!978 Easy Check-In and well equipped kitchen.979 Lovely place, great location,980 Great communication with Fiona, she helped us with everything we needed. Very clean, nice and comfy beds. Recommended!981 This is a beautiful apartment in a walkable area. It was perfect for my last days I Dublin after driving around the country. Parking was always free and available on the street and I didn’t have a problem getting a space. The apartment is perfect for a family with all the space but I also really enjoyed it as a single traveler. I would absolutely recommend it!982 Extremely recommended!! <br/>Everything is as described, efficient communication and check-in. 10/10983 Thanks Fiona and Liam, it was a great stay and exactly as described. Located ideally close to where we were competing, with local shops situated within a quick walking distance. We would happily stay again!984 We had a wonderful stay at Liam and Fiona’a. Very tidy apartment and everything was perfectly arranged. Definitely recommend!985 The James Joyce apartment was very spacious and comfortable, with high ceilings and great natural light. The kitchen was fully equipped. The bed was comfortable. The location was nice- not in the middle of the chaos but easy access to all the main Dublin attractions. A short walk to two super markets and the Stoneybatter restaurant strip, and multiple and frequent bus routes that take you anywhere in Dublin (as a side note, look into the visitor leap pass: this all inclusive public transit pass is much cheaper than buying a leap card and charging per trip). The hosts were great communicators and responded <br/>very quickly. Would definitely recommend this for your stay in Dublin!986 Beautiful apartment within walking distance of very useful amenities. Having phoenix park within at 10/15 minute walk was great with the kids! We would recommend this apartment to anyone!!987 It was a very nice stay at the apartment of fiona and liam!<br/>Everything was organized perfectly, and the apartment is the perfect home for e nice vacation in dublin!988 Magnificent apartment located a few minutes by bus from the center.Very clean and super well equipped.The host is super welcoming and available to answer at any time.She also offered us to be sought by taxi and made us a summary of the things that must be seen around.Super pleasant and very kind, she told us with precision everything that was necessary.First time in Ireland, but this was a very good trip.989 A lovely apartment with a great equipment. Liam and Fiona provide everything you need and a lot of useful information for the area. It is quiet, but also not far from the center. We had a lovely time!990 We had a very pleasant stay at this cozy Victorian apartment. <br/>Convenient and safe location close to transportation and supermarkets. <br/>We had a great time in Dublin!991 Accommodation as advertising.The airport-hinging transfer is very practical.992 Your choice is very elegant and clean ,thanks for your help993 Nice place to stay, clean and tidy.<br/>Just bit hard to find the parking on the street.994 Central location, close to downtown and a short walk to the park. Beautiful and clean victorian apartment with beautiful features. Fiona was wonderful and responsive to any questions we had.995 Perfect location to experience Dublin. Comfortable beds. Great place. 10/10996 Great communication and such an awesome place to stay997 Great flat in a great location!998 We loved our stay. The place was the perfect amount of space for what we needed and so, so well decorated. The beds were comfortable and the place felt clean. We appreciate you sharing your place at such a great rate!999 Lovely clean tidy apartment in great location with easy access into town.<br/>Great communication from Liam and fiona.<br/>Would definitely stay again!1000 Everything was great during our stay!! The house was in a really convenient location to bars, pubs, tours etc so that was great…. We walked everywhere! The check in process was super direct and straight forward and was such a smooth experience which is rare to find when traveling internationally. <br/><br/>I traveled with 4 other adults and we had plenty of space… I would definitely recommend!1001 The apartment is really well located 25 minutes from the center and very close to a Tesco.<br/> largely large enough for a group of 5 friends. <br/> I recommend1002 Thank you for the stay in your flat.<br/>Everything was as it was described: not too far from town center and easy to join also by bus. The proximity of services was really useful.<br/>Peggy1003 We had a pleasant stay at Liam and Fiona’s place in Dublin! Location was good and we were always a walking distance away from our next stop. We also appreciated the detailed instructions provided in the guest information as well as the swift communication through airbnb.1004 Fiona was amazing answering all my questions I had about our trip. She even got us a car service to take us to the airport. The flat had enough room for all 5 adults and was centrally located to what we wanted to do. Thanks Fiona for a great stay.1005 Located in the heart of Stoneybatter, its a quick 15 min walk to the Liffey and maybe 20 to Temple Bar area.  The apartment was very clean, and is close to all of the major Dublin attractions.  Lots of bus, uber and taxi options.   Coffee and grocery close by (450'?) away.1006 Clean apartment, perfect for a stay in Dublin, maybe a bit small for six adult people.1007 This apartment was perfect for us. It was away from downtown and the noise, but close to bus stops and easy to navigate around the city. the beds are comfortable and the kitchen is ready for anything. We would stay here again on any visits to Dublin.1008 Lovely home with a great location! We walked to grocery stores, restaurants, and Phoenix Park. Easy access for bus and taxis.1009 Beautiful central location 😀 will defo be back good value for money clean and good communication from the hosts 😀1010 This property earned 5 stars by the hosts attentive communication alone!  We had trouble with a hotel booking once we arrived to Dublin and lucked into a booking at this property.  Fiona accomodated us beautifully and at very short notice.  Check in was so easy and our family of four had a comfortable stay.  The location was just outside the hustle and bustle which was perfect for us.  We felt very welcomed as guests and that always makes a difference.1011 The James Joyce was a great place for our family of 6 traveling from the US.  It was far enough from city center so as to not worry about noise, but close enough that there was good public transit.  Having a grocery nearby was nice. Wish there were a few more food options close, but we managed.1012 The apartment location is terrific. Central to everything and Stoneybatter was great fun. The apartment was clean with a good shower (not always the case in Ireland). The street parking was very convenient, and being so close to the Phoenix park was perfect!1013 We absolutely loved the apartment and the friendliness of the host! However, being able to store luggage before and after check-out sealed the deal - we will definitely be returning to Liam and Fiona’s if / when we return to Dublin! Thanks for the great stay!1014 The experience we had was great! Jose and Vadym are incredible hosts and very hospitable.<br/><br/>They provided all the information about Dublin we could possibly wish for and offered their help and advice regarding everything we were interested in.<br/><br/>The flat and the room absolutely fantastic, comfortable and cosy and clean and we felt just like at home. Also, the turkish coffee Vadym prepared was just like home.1015 These guys are amazing.  Vadym surprised us with Russian pancakes the first morning (even though he had a broken leg - what a trooper!) YUM.  So tasty! Wish we had more time to check out all of his Dublin recommendations.  Also, the cafe across the street has a very tasty irish breaky.  Not too far from all the downtown happenings, very clean, and an incredibly quiet room to sleep it too.1016 Jose and Vadym were wonderful hosts! They were both so welcoming and excited to have me in their home and I loved getting to chat with them. They offered me tea, coffee, and a great breakfast along with several great suggestions for places to see and things to do in Dublin! Despite his broken leg, Vadym made me breakfast and made sure I had everything I needed and Jose went out of his way to make sure I got to their apartment ok. I had a fantastic stay with them, I wish I could have stayed longer!1017 Jose and Vadym could not have been better hosts.  Their home is lovely and they were extremely welcoming.  Even I didn't know how bad the hours were going to be for my work and how much it was going to take out of me, but I always came back to a warm and comfortable place where I could recharge.  When my bag didn't make it on the flight with me, they told me to go enjoy the city and they would make sure they were home if it needed to be delivered.1018 Jose and Vadym have been wonderful hosts, they make us feel at home. Their apartment is beautiful and our bedroom marvellous. Fantastic experience, we definitively would repeated.1019 This was my first Airbnb experience and I can say it was great. The apartment is very nice these guys are great hosts. Great location to explore Dublin.1020 Hi!We love the house, the reception and sympathy of Joseph and Vadym!It was all 5*!As we learned in Ireland, "Thank you folks" !!!1021 Jose and Vadym were fantastic hosts! The location of their home is very convenient - within walking distance to all major sightseeing, and only 1 minute from a tram stop. Their home is wonderful. Jose and Vadym were especially helpful in providing directions and any other possible inquiries. Each morning they provided coffee/tea and toast with wonderful homemade jam. Our final morning, we were surprised with delicious Russian pancakes before our flight. They are truly kind and caring, and I would certainly recommend staying with them to anyone!1022 I had a pleasure staying at Jose and Vadymir's flat. It was a fantastic experience! The flat is extremely clean and they made me feel very welcome. The property is within a walking distance to the city centre. Will definitely be staying again!1023 Jose and Vadym were absolutely fantastic hosts! They were very welcoming, especially helpful in providing directions and any other possible inquiries. The location of their home is very convenient - within walking distance to all major sightseeing, and only one minute from a tram stop. Their home is wonderful, very beautiful! Each morning they provided coffee / tea with wonderful homemade jam. They are truly kind and caring, and I would certainly recommend staying with them to anyone! <br/>Thank you very much!<br/>Federica and Davide1024 I had a very pleasant stay at JV's place. The place is very clean, and quiet too. JV provided a clear directions from the aiport to their apartment, and Jose did picked me up from Fatima Luas station which is very close to the building. JV are very welcoming. Jose explained everything that I possible need to know about the house and around the house before he left for work. I met Vadym for a brief moment, we chatted but it feels like I already knew him for a long time. I would recommend others to stay at JV's place. They are both nice and very talented people. It has easy access to almost all places. Hope to see you both again!1025 Vadym and Jose, were very welcoming and friendly when I arrived. They offered me tea or coffee, and gave me home made pizza, and were eager to chat and were great company. I felt at home there. The room was great and i had a bathroom next to it that nobody else was using. The area was fine, just off the luas line.1026 Jose and Vadym are great hosts! It was a pleasure for us to stay at their beautiful home and we felt really comfortable. You are such very friendly and helpful people! We enjoyed talking with each of them and they offered us great advice regarding where to buy tickets for the luas and where to go. We would highly recommend you to anyone who's looking for a warm place and open-hearted hosts! :)1027 My friend and I decided to go to Dublin for a weekend as neither of us had been before. Neither of us had used Airbnb, but had heard good things. Our experience with Jose & Vadym was absolutely great. They were quick to respond to my inquiries and messages throughout the entire process of booking the room. When we checked in, Vadym greeted us with a warm smile, offered a cup of tea/coffee, and sat us down with a map and highlighted the best things to do. On our last morning, we left with a full stomach from breakfast & a hug to see us off. The space was clean & welcoming, and very easy to access using the Luas. If/when I return to Dublin, I will absolutely hope to stay with Jose & Vadym again!1028 I just love Jose and Vadym's apartment! It's in such a great location and the room was impeccable. I had my own bathroom that was stocked with everything that I might need, even a med kit. Jose was unwell when I stayed but Vadym made me feel right at home.1029 How nice was staying with these Two guys that help us a lot. The bathroom was clean, the bedroom not Too big, but with a perfect siZe and a wonderful outside part.They were always prompt To help us and the public transport was very close. Love the city and the acommodation. Thank u so much!1030 This place has everything that makes an AirBnB great: Spacious room (with balcony!), cosy bed, great connection into the city (tram stop right in front of the building) and above all, the best hosts you could only hope for. Having a private bathroom was also a big plus.<br/><br/>I was there for a day as a stop over to a conference and expected to spend my time browsing the internet and head to bed soon after. Instead I found myself watching Irish TV shows with Vadym and Jose, talking, discussing and laughing hard with them into the late hours. The culinary experience was also impeccable (turkish coffee and self made strawberry jam for breakfast and some Russian sweets and great tea in between).<br/><br/>After returning from my trip I find myself talking about Vadym & Jose just as much as about Dublin itself. Staying with them felt like visiting good friends. Highly recommended, especially if you look for more than just a room.1031 Jose and Vadym are very gentle and kind. They contacted me since the booking was confirmed. Their place is very tidy and clear. We are provided with almost everything we need. They even recommended us restaurants and provided adapter. Highly recommend their place!1032 Vadym and Jose made us feel very welcomed from the very beginning., with offering us recommendations and a cozy and clean place to stay. I mostly enjoyed the get-together in the evening with a hot pot of tea and many fun and interesting stories of their lifes! Even though it was in the beginning of their working week, both of them had time for us. I enjoyed staying with you guys. It was a very pleasant first experience with airbnb thanks to you. I'll make sure to let you know, when I'm around sometime again :)<br/>1033 Hi Jose & Vadym,<br/><br/>You have a lovely home. We felt very welcome & slept like logs. Very convenient location to the city centre. Thank you for your warm hospitality. <br/><br/>Ruth1034 This was our first AirBnB experience and it was very positive. We felt very welcome!<br/>It was nice to come back in the evening after a long day in the city and to have a cup of tea with Vadym on the couch. Vadym also provided us with some nice recommendations.<br/>Good location and very close to public transport.<br/>1035 Jose and Vadym were great! Hospitable, kind, accommodating, interesting and easy-going. Jose walked with me to town and showed me a few places that were particle to my interests.  As a woman I felt very safe staying there. The place itself was very clean and well stocked. The bed was super cosy and the room was very dark and quiet at night which allowed for a great sleep. I could have easily walked from their place to the center of town but I took the tram which one was only an easy 10 min ride.  Just make sure you have cash because you can't buy the tram ticket with a card and there was no ATM in sight! It's a residential neighborhood so it was chill. I would definitely stay there again when in Dublin and I recommend it! Thanks guys!1036 It was a great experience. The house was beautiful and our room had a lovely balcony to have coffee in the morning. The location is good close to the centre so you can walk everywhere. Vadim was a great host, he gave us directions and tips to explore Dublin. We would love to come back. Thanks for the great experience :)1037 Jose & Vadym are gracious hosts! The location is a 2-minute walk to the Luas (tram) with quick access to central Dublin. Exceptionally clean and tidy, it was a delight to stay for a few nights. They gave me lots of tips on what to see for my first trip to Dublin, and helped make my stay very comfortable. Thank you Jose & Vadym!1038 Jose and Vadym made us feel very welcome. The place was lovely and exactly as described. It was spotless, stylish and cosy. It was also conveniently located only a street away from Fatima stop on the Luas tram line. Thanks for the enjoyable stay.1039 We had a great stay at Jose & Vadym's. They had everything and more then we needed, and were very friendly and kind. They also gave us a map of the town and explained the top places to see as well as which tram to take to get back and forth to town. We had a great stay here, Thank you!1040 Perfect accommodation.Felt very comfortable during our stay in Dublin.In a few minutes on foot in the city center or even faster by tram directly in front of the door.Thank you also for the umbrella :) Jose & Vadim were great hosts.To be recommended without restriction.1041 Jose and Vadym were wonderful hosts!  We showed up several hours later than they expected and both were still very warm and gracious.  The location was perfect with easy access to the rail into city centre and Jose and Vadym gave us the run down on all the best dining and shopping locations. The room was lovely and everything about the experience was brilliant!!1042 Jose and Vadym are wonderful hosts. We were welcomed with a warm cup of tea and felt "at home" from the beginning on.<br/><br/>The room was cozy, the bed and matress very comfortable and it was quiet at night.<br/><br/>We could easily start our day trips to Dublin city from the appartment.   My girlfriend and I can recommend this host ! You will have a lovely stay.1043 B&B located a bit on the outskirts of Dublin 10 min by tram from the Temple Bar district.<br/><br/> Small, silent and clean room.The breakfast could be more generous (and not Irish breakfast).1044 Jose and Vadym were excellent hosts and their flat was perfect for my trip to Dublin. The location is convenient and within steps to the LOUS and made it easy to get in and out of town. Would stay here again and highly recommend it!1045 I didn't get to meet Vadym, only Jose during my short stay in Dublin. Jose was nice, even made me coffee one morning and we had a good chat. Their home is lovely, tastefully designed and amazingly clean! For those who don't want to stay in the city centre, then this would be a good place to stay given its close proximity to the Fatima tram station, which is only 2 stops away from the Heuston bus and train station. My friends warned me the neighbourhood was a bit dodgy but I did not have any problems even though I came home late both nights.1046 Jose and Vadym were very welcoming- our room was set up like a hotel, and the washroom had all the amenities that one could possibly need and more! Lovely hosts who obviously care about their guests' Airbnb experience. Thank you for all the care and effort you put into making our stay home-y and comfortable.1047 My first experience with airbnb. We had a wonderful stay at Jose & Vadyms. The two guys are very friendly and Kind. We feel like coming home since the first moment. Thank you for everything. :) 5***** plus!!!!<br/>See you soon.1048 We had so much fun staying with Jose and Vadym! Their place was great, very clean and super close to the train. For us, the best part, though, was getting to spend time chatting with them. It's wonderful to have an air bnb experience with people who are so kind-hearted and genuine... I only wish they didn't live so far away! :)1049 Jose and Vadym were absolutely wonderful hosts and people in general. When we arrived, Vadym showed us the apartment and gave us a "must see" list. Unfortunately, after our long journey and dawn to dusk sightseeing we were very tired and didn't spend a lot of time with them. Their apartment is quite close to the heart of the city because we were able to walk to Temple Bar in about 30 minutes. The bathroom is exceptionally clean and the bedroom is very comfortable with a cute little balcony. We hope to visit again someday and get to know Jose and Vadym better. Thank you for your kindness and hospitality!1050 Everything worked tip.The landlord was immediately available and we immediately found the apartment.Very nice landlord and everything in order and clean.1051 So hospitable!  Very lovely men.  The room was beautiful as was the apartment.  If I'm back in Dublin I'd like to stay there just to visit with them if anything.1052 Vadym & Jose did their utmost to give me the warmest of feelings of welcome. Not only before my arrival with very clear instructions on where to go and how to get there, but also during my stay with a private tour around the local supermarket,  access to the kitchen, loads of useful and knowledgeable information on Dublin, nice chats and a fun food exchange :-) Having a private bathroom and balcony are just nice extras. Very much enjoyed my stay with them and would definitely stay with them again.1053 The apartment is located a few meters from a tram station that leads directly to the city center. The room is very nice. Jose and Vadym were very nice hosts, we even had the chance to have some of Vadim's wonderful pancakes for breakfast.1054 I had a great time at José and Vadym's home. The room was very nice, clean, comfy... I had my own bathroom and breakfast in the morning. Luas in front of their house, convenient. I was able to leave my luggage at their home to collect it after the check-out time for I had a flight in the evening. Communication before and on my arrival: fast and helpful responses.  There is nothing I could complain about. Besides José and Vadym are super friendly, I had nice chats with both of them and a funny evening with their friends :) Will defo stay there again next time!1055 Jose and Vadym are great hosts.  We were not at their place for very long, but nevertheless their commitment to making our stay as pleasant as possible was evident.<br/><br/>Their apartment is quite large, very clean, nicely decorated, and very comfortable.<br/><br/>We had to catch a cab to the airport early in the morning, and Vadym went out of his way to make sure that the cab was there on time, which we appreciated greatly.1056 We had a wonderful time staying here! They were both so helpful and accommodating and showed us all the great things to see in Dublin. Recommend them to everyone!1057 I only stayed one night - they were so kind they made an exception to the minumum stay - but it was just perfect. I only met Jose, and he was a perfect host, very friendly and welcoming. The room is great, as it is the apartment: very clean, warm and furnished with great taste. The location is just a few tram stops from the heart of Dublin, perfect. <br/>I would definitely stay there again if I went to Dublin another time.1058 What a lovely time we had,we were very apprehensive about air B n B,as this was the first time we used it, these two lovely blokes made us feel like part of their family,went out of their way to make our stay such a wonderful experience,we will miss the long chats and great laughs.we can not recommend them highly enough1059 Very warm welcome and great, clean comfortable accommodation!!1060 A very nice welcoming, Teresa was very kind, helpful and easy going.1061 Teresa and her husband are two lovely people. They kindly welcomed us into their home and gave us all the information needed to spend time in Dublin.<br/>The house is very clean and comfortable, the center is easily reached by public transport. Breakfast is included and very good. really recommended.1062 Teresa and Hugh offer a warm, welcoming and creative home. We had the twin room and a relaxed start to our days, sight seeing and catching up with friends. They gave us all the information we needed to make the most of our stay, room was great, suited my aesthetic sensibilities. Lovely people, would happily recommend to anyone I know and beyond.1063 Teresa (and Hugh) absolutely delightful hosts with lovely home and very comfy accommodation.   A brilliant start to our trip in Ireland (we're having a wonderful time!).  Thanks again for a great few days, Rob & Kathy1064 Myself  and my fiancé recently stayed with Teresa and Hugh for two weeks while we were in between permanent accommodation. The location of their cottage is brilliant, 15 mins walk to dundrum center and another 15 mins to the heart of Dublin ! The cottage itself is lovely and extremely comfortable, like a home away from home! Teresa and Hugh were amazing hosts and went above and beyond to make sure our stay was an enjoyable one! I would recommend this property to anyone planning a trip to Dublin ! You will not be dissapointed!! Thanks guys Colman and Alex1065 Teresa was a wonderful host. She was so easy to communicate with and gave us great directions and tips for getting around Dublin and for the rest of our stay in Ireland!  She and her husband were so hospitable and welcoming--I highly recommend staying at their home.  Thanks again for a lovely time Teresa!1066 10/10!! Teresa and Hugh are two of the most lovely people I have met. They were friendly, welcoming, informative, and easygoing - the perfect hosts! This was a fantastic place to stay - easily accessible to the city centre but in a quiet suburb with a handy shopping centre and restaurant precinct nearby. The only difficulty was getting out of bed in the morning to explore Dublin - the bed was so comfortable and warm - perfect for the weary traveller! I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here and if I (hopefully) return to Dublin this will most definitely be my first choice for accommodation! Highly recommended!1067 We had a wonderful time staying with Teresa! Churchtown is close to Dundrum which is really close to central Dublin and easily accessible by Luas (tram). Be sure to visit the great shopping centre in Dundrum (walking distance from the house)? Teresa's home is welcoming and cosy and she is a fantastic and helpful host. We had some great conversations! I would recommend a stay at her house to anyone!! Thanks Teresa we miss you already!1068 Great place to stay. Friendly and really helpful. Location is beside public transport so getting into town is easy!1069 We stayed here for 3 nights and Jose and Vadym did everything to make us feel at home, they even offered us their homemade cake for breakfast :) it's been a pleasure to met them and if we're gonna come back again in Ireland we surely contact them1070 Very nice friendly host.<br/> Everything worked very well;You expected us everything to show us;<br/> Zimmer was small but with a balcony and close to the tram.<br/> WiFi available, kitchen use and bathroom everything was okay.<br/> Both were very helpful.1071 Im very grateful to hosts! They were very polite and friendly. House is exceptional! Very Spacious! Nice fresh design.     The same about the room!<br/>Im really impressed by bathroom and well the whole house to be honest. It has this feeling of boutique hotel where you can relax after a long day in the city. <br/>Highly recommended!1072 The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable! The bedroom also had a very cute balcony. Jose and Vadym were very nice and let us use their fridge to make sandwiches. Vadym also got the room ready very quickly to accommodate an early checkin. The only downside is that several Dubliners told us it is not the best area. It is fine during the day, just don't walk around by yourself at night and maybe take a taxi home on late nights. We never ran into any problems, this is just what we heard from locals.1073 The stay with Jose and Vadym was great.All clean.Communication very well.I can only recommend the two!1074 Jose and Vadym were very welcoming and made me feel right at home.  They have a lovely, quiet apartment and the room was clean and cozy. This is a great place to stay for easy access to the city without being in the city center. Thanks Jose and Vadym, for tips on the city and great conversation!1075 Great place to stay! Hosts were incredibly nice and welcoming. The location is perfect for anyone wanting to stay in Dublin since it is very easy to find and right near a Luas (train) stop. Would definitely recommend to anyone and would stay there again if we should return to Dublin!1076 Vadym and José were very friendly, helping, welcoming and overall wonderful hosts. They were very understanding that we arrived quite late at the evening and had to leave early in the morning. The accommodation was very nice and only max. 10 minutes away from the city centre. We had a lovely time. If we have the chance to do another trip to Dublin, we would definitely choose to stay there :)1077 Jose and Vadym were gracious hosts that were kind, friendly, and very welcoming.  We had a great time staying at their wonderful home. Would recommend to anyone visiting Dublin!1078 Wow! Such great hosts. Not only did they stay up late for my arrival but got up very early for my departure - these poor boys will need a holiday after my visit1079 Our experience with Jose and Vadym was extremely positive.  Their apartment was warm, friendly, clean, and safe.  Living next to the Luas tram was also convenient for getting in and out of town.   Both Jose and Vadym are very accommodating and really took the time to make us feel comfortable.  They even spent time mapping out which monuments, restaurants, and pubs we needed to see for the time we were there.  Living with Jose and Vadym was so enjoyable that we had  dinner with them our last night in Dublin.  They are great hosts and I recommend their apartment with the highest regards.  I have no regrets and would definitely stay here again.  Thank you Jose and Vadym!1080 Great vacation!<br/> The hosts are very friendly and helpful.<br/> Accommodation and surrounding as described.<br/> You just can't go wrong.<br/> So thanks to Jose & Vadym.<br/>1081 <br/>Jose and Vadum were excellent hosts, providing information and ideas to make our stay better. The condo is right on the Luas stop Fatima which quickly gets you anywhere quickly. Although some Dubliners seemed concerned at the area being dicey (I think called Federal Mansions) we saw absolutely no reason for that and felt safe at all times of day. <br/>They provided tea, breakfast or snacks, a comfy bed, large bath and just enough privacy.  I'd go back anytime. Thanks so much, guys.<br/>1082 We loved our experience at Jose and Vadym.They quickly made us feel comfortable, and they were available to answer our questions if necessary.The location is great, and the sector very quiet.The room and apartment were very clean.With the tram it was great and so easy to get to the city center as to the airport.I recommend this place.1083 What a perfect introduction to AirBnB. Jose and Vadym are wonderful people and their home is just perfect, right on the Luas and close to Heuston Station. We had no worries getting around, even late at night. Several people seemed concerned that the location was a bit dicey, but we saw absolutely no issues, even walking back from the Guinness Storehouse one Luas stop away. Americans, remember to bring your washcloths! They are not common overseas. But, we would definitely stay here again.1084 Jose & Vadym were incredible hosts - they helped us plan activities, called a taxi for us, etc.  Their place is very clean and is centrally located.   Thanks for a great time!1085 Jose and Vadym were excellent hosts and I would recommend staying at this apartment.<br/>Everything was as described in the listing. The apartment was clean and nicely decorated, the bed was incredibly comfortable and the balcony was lovely.  The proximity to the tram stop and then the Houston station for the airport bus was really helpful. <br/>Vadym and Jose were easy to communicate with prior to my arrival and the listing includes very clear instructions on how to find the place. They very welcoming and I enjoyed insightful chats with both of them. They seem to genuinely enjoy hosting and really strive to make their guests comfortable. Would definitely stay here again!1086 We had a great time with Vadym and Jose !!The location of the apartment is absolutely awesome, the tram is only 1 minute away and in 10 minutes you are directly in the city center.Vadym and Jose are both totally friendly and helpful.<br/><br/> Absolutely recommended for Dublin visitors.Without restriction.1087 Superb room (in a very nice apartment) a few steps from public transport.Jose welcomed us like friends and gave us many advice (which were of great help to us!).I highly recommend José and Vadym's room!<br/><br/> Lovely Room (in a very Nice Apartment) A Few Steps Away from the Luas.Jose WELCOMED US AS Friends and Provided US ADVICES (which have been of a great help!).I Recommend Strongly Jose and Vadym's Room!1088 Jose and Vasym are really welcoming people, the room was very nice, clean and comfortable (as was the whole flat). we even had our own bathroom with towels! they provided us breakfast and even gave us some helpful tips about the city. perfect hosts and a really nice place to spend a few days in dublin!1089 We enjoyed 3 nights at Jose and Vadyms place. The flat was very welcoming, quit and clean. <br/>You can reach the Guiness Storehouse in 5min walk, the Templebar in about 30min walk. <br/>We had with both enjoyable chats and because of such nice guys we like travelling with airbnb.1090 Jose and Vadym were great hosts. This was my first Airbnb experience and they made it wonderful. <br/><br/>Directions to their place were clear and easy to figure out. <br/><br/>Their home is clean, nicely put together, bright and open. <br/><br/>I ended up coming earlier than my reservation and Jose accommodated me and made me feel welcome.  Both Jose and Vadym were warm and were easy to talk to.  I had a wonderful time at their place and I would definitely recommend them. <br/><br/>If I'm back in Ireland, I'd want to stay with them:)1091 This was a perfect choice; the home was welcoming and as my mother used to say:  so immaculate that one can even eat off the floor.  From the time I walked in, I felt like family.  The room was comfortable in every way and it honestly felt like this was my home in Dublin.  Jose and Vadym are artists and everything is aesthetic and lovely.  I had a lot of privacy, and yet also memorable opportunities to 'hang out' and share interesting and cherished  conversations.  It is easy to get there from the Airport using public transportation and the Luas down the block makes daily travel easy.1092 Jose and Vadym were very welcoming and helpful.  The room was just as described, with a nice balcony and closet space.  It was nice and quiet, and I slept great!  I would definitely stay here again.1093 Jose and Vadym were very friendly hosts who made my friend, Elsa, and I feel at home in their beautiful apartment. Thank you for the wonderful hospitality!1094 It was a great little cottage and Teresa was extremely helpful, kind and hospitable. She's a wonderful person to talk to and gives great advice on traveling round Dublin, as well as life! Plus the bed was amazingly comfortable with a toasty electric blanket to keep you warm and cosy at night. The only issue I had was with unmentioned house rules. I had an early morning flight back to London and back to Asia, meaning i"d be on a plane for over a day - a shower is of paramount importance to me. Being told that people should not be taking showers at 5 in the morning is a no no to me. If this was mentioned in house rules, I'd have chosen a different place to begin with.1095 We absolutely loved staying with Teresa and Hugh! They are such lovely people I would've loved to stay with them for a few more days if I could've! The room was very comfortable and clean and so was the bathroom. The breakfast was so nice too. Loved everything about staying in their home. It was just a short bus ride away from the center of Dublin. Would love to stay there again and would definitely recommend staying here to anyone visiting Dublin!1096 Teresa and Hugh were just the sweetest couple imaginable - very warm and welcoming! They had a handy map all made up for us showing us how to get around the neighborhood, and their home was so lovely. We especially loved that the neighborhood was nice and quiet, but it was so convenient to get into town from there. And we appreciated all the communication Teresa provided prior to our visit. Would absolutely recommend them!1097 We had a lovely stay with Teresa! Her home is perfect and breakfast was always delicious, a great spread! The bed was very comfortable and she and her husband were very helpful! Would highly recommend staying here if you're in Dublin!1098 We had an amazing time in Dublin thanks to Teresa and Hugh! As soon as we arrived,  soaked through due to the typical weather, they turned the heating on to dry our clothes, made us tea and shared a huge collection of "Things to do in Dublin and how to get there". Although these are only little things, they made a huge impact on how comfortable we felt in their beautiful home and on our overall stay. The house was perfectly located... near enough to Marlay Park (for concerts and a nice stroll), local shopping centre and restaurants where Guinness is much cheaper than in town ;) and also the centre of Dublin. There were a huge amount of options for breakfast! If we went to Dublin again, we would definitely stay here!  Overall an awesome stay with a lovely couple!1099 My friend and I spend 4 nights with Teresa whilst going to a festival in Dublin and we had a great stay!! <br/>Teresa and Hugh are both great people and very generous, openminded and we really enjoyed their hospitality! They were always willing to help.<br/><br/>The rooms are comfortable and the same as on the pictures.<br/><br/>It takes about 20/30 to get to Dublin city centre which is very easy to get to! <br/><br/>when we go to Dublin again we will definitely stay with Teresa and Hugh a couple of nights!1100 Teresa and Hugh were very friendly and welcoming. They were interested in what we were going to do or how our day was. And if we needed help Teresa always gave us very helpful advice. They also have a very lovely house which was very relaxing and comfortable. We had a very nice time in Dublin and are looking forward to spend one last night there in a few days.1101 Incredibly welcome and flexible, generous and friendly! It's a beautiful area with great transport links to the city centre. Not that you need to go anywhere as the local town centre is very well equipped to keep you occupied for a week. The hosts were very kind, full of local knowledge and extremely accommodating.1102 Teresa and Hugh are cordial people who really give you a great time.We were received with coffee/tea and immediately received all kinds of information about nice trips.Room was basic, but with good beds and nice and warm.Breakfast was great, spacious with both bread and breakfast cereals.Furthermore, it was cozy house and clean.We come back!1103 Very friendly welcome in a nice apartment, where you feel at home ...1104 Jose&Vadym are very sweet and have a charming flat! Vadym was incredibly patient with me, and helped me navigate Dublin's public transportation. The room is cozy and looks out on a deck into a private courtyard. The flat is very clean and the bathroom is immaculate! Seriously, a great place to stay!1105 Super-welcoming, particularly given I arrived later than planned. Nice, cosy room, own bathroom with hot shower. Lovely stay :-) Many thanks.1106 Everything was as in the photo, Vadym was the best host in the world, he even made a great sponge cake!The super clean house, all very collected.The very comfortable bed in a perfect room.The very funny talk times.It is very close to the center and Vadym explains phenomenal where you can go, what can be done, where to eat ... We have felt at home and not only recommend it, we are sure we will repeat.<br/>1107 Vadym greeted us and made us feel very welcome. We were in a hurry to catch a dinner reservation so we didn't have a lot of time to sit down and visit with him, though he invited us to. The apartment building was very secure and the apartment itself was very nice.1108 As good of an experience as it gets. I felt right at home throughout my stay thanks to Jose and Vadyms hospitality. The room/private bathroom is well equipped and had everything I could possibly need - from shaving cream to moisturizer.<br/> The location is also very convenient. It is a very pleasant 20-minute walk to the centre via loads of historic sites and cafes. There is also a great gym and spa downstairs that I highly recommend right downstairs for just 8 euros. Anyways, do yourself a favor and stay here.1109 Jose & Vadym have a nice place, close to the Luna so easy to get into town. I was made to feel very welcome, great hospitality. I would stay with Jose & Vadym again.1110 Jose & Vadym are top notch hosts.  Warm and welcoming,  waited up for us after an already late and delayed flight.   Bed comfy,  room quiet,  and all the basics on hand.   Accommodating of families,  highly recommend. Thanks guys :)1111 I don't know where should I start from.<br/>The place and the flat and Jose &vadym all together made me having fantastic time. <br/>Clean , warm welcome, friendly, sense of human, respected and super people.<br/>I'm sorry vadym didn't have the chance to say goodbye to you. <br/>I wish you all the best guys <br/>High recommend. <br/>Thank you Jose&vadym1112 Jose & Vadym really are superhosts! They made us feel welcome from the moment we arrived, the room is cosy and warm and they try and be as flexible as possible with information, timings and handovers to make sure you have a great time in Dublin.1113 Perfect appartment to spent few days in Dublin. Modern, very tidy and quiet, and close to the center through the red line. Jose and Vadym are the perfect hosts, incredibly nice, easy-going, and willing to make you feel at home !1114 To date, my best experience of accommodation in British / Irish soil, for hospitality and for cleaning! <br/> promoted with flying colors.<br/> Not really central but well connected accommodation.1115 The apparent is very well located just one minute away from the tramway stop. Everything you can expect in a cozy, welcoming environment. The apartment is also very clean and the hosts are there to answer all of your questions and give you tips about Dublin. I would definitely recommend this place if you ever have the chance to visit Dublin :)1116 Jose and Vadym were amazing hosts! They were really warm and welcomed us into their apartment like we were family. Stop is within a 2 minute walk from public transportation, very convenient. They even called a taxi for us in the early morning for us to get to the airport - would definitely stay there again.1117 My son and I had a fantastic time staying with Jose and Vadym, they were very welcoming! Had made an awesome gluten free chocolate cake and stayed up to get to know us! They treated us like family very conscientious about our needs and comfort! I wish we had been able to stay longer! I would recommend them highly as hosts!1118 Nice place located in a residential area, excellent house and host.1119 I had a very nice experience in Ireland!!! The house and neighborhood were great, and perfect for my sisters and I's needs. Teresa and her husband were so nice!! Teresa gave us suggestions on what to do and provided us with directions to the Luas tram (only about a 10-15 min walk) that takes you to the city and is very convenient. They were very inviting and welcoming as well. Teresa's husband called the cab for us to pick us up at 6 am, which was a very big help since we couldn't use our phones. Also, churchtown/dundrum area is a very nice quiet neighborhood with a huge and very nice mall.  Overall, I had a lovely experience!1120 Teresa is amazing!  She was extremely easy to communicate with and gave phenomenal recommendations.  The room was comfortable, clean and better than I could have imagined.  I had such a nice time and would stay here again and again.1121 We has a lovely stay at the house of Teresa. She made us feel very welcome and  was very helpful with finding activities. Everything was clean and quiet.1122 Teresa was an absolute pleasure! She and her husband were so warm and welcoming from the second we got there. They showed us everywhere in Dublin that we could go and gave us all the routes to get there! The cottage was lovely and was everything we could ever hope for. The both of them made our trip that much more special. I couldn't of been happier.1123 I had 3 very good nights in Ireland! It was a lovely house with a nice garden. The bed was very comfortable and the shower was also very good. The breakfast was also delicious (especially the blueberry cornflakes and the fresh milk).<br/><br/>Teresa and her husband were very kind to tell me about what to do because I got only 2,5 days in Irland. I went to the mountains and a waterfall one day and to Dublin one other day. The trip to mountains was amazing!<br/><br/>Dublin was a little bit more far away that I have expected: 15 min walk and 15 min in the LUAS (metro). The good thing was that I was only 8 km from the mountains so this house is good situated if you want both the city and the beautiful nature.<br/><br/>I would really like to come back to Ireland one day!1124 Teresa and her husband were fantastic.They have explained how I travel to different points of interest and have helped us with the excursion reserve.The place is beautiful, although a little far from the center, in Tram you arrive in 10 minutes.The house has everything you need to have a good stay.I would undoubtedly return.Thank you!!1125 Good welcome, pleasant house, the Luas nearby is a real asset.<br/>1126 We had a great time at Teresa.She and her husband are very warm, welcoming and friendly!They are also very good advice.<br/> The house is super pretty, the breakfast with seen on the garden it was the top.In addition we are a stone's throw from the tram, ideal for going to the city center.<br/> We immediately feel good, like at home.<br/> I recommend live this accommodation.1127 The best word to describe our stay at Teresa's is "lovely." Everything was lovely! We absolutely loved meeting Teresa and her husband. They were so welcoming and so friendly! The communication before and during our stay was superb. They made a few amazing recommendations that really improved our trip (visit to Howth, getting a Leap card, etc.) it was so comfortable and so convenient staying with them. We'd recommend Teresa to anyone! :)1128 Both Teresa and her husband were lovely.  They were extremely kind and helped my friend and I with directions, providing detailed maps, and also providing us with pamphlets and information on tours that we might be interested in.  Their place was extremely cozy and also well connected to the tram in order to get to the city center.  They provided us with everything we needed to make ourselves breakfast in the morning.  I can't stress enough how sweet Teresa and her husband were, we were really sad to leave!  If I ever go back to Dublin, I will make sure to contact them first.1129 We absolutely loved staying with Teresa and Hugh!! They were so hospitable! When we go back to Ireland, we will definitely stay with them again1130 We were warmly welcomed by the man of the house.He gave us very good advice to eat.Public transport to Dublin was nearby.The bed (very soft) and the breakfast (very minimal: lots of confectionery/breakfast cereals, no meat products at the weekend) is certainly a point of improvement.1131 Teresa was an excellent host. Her home was extremely quaint and lovely in every aspect. She made us feel right at home by offering us hot tea and bread. Her listing was as exactly as she described and if we ever find ourselves visiting Dublin again Holly cottage will definitely be the place we want to stay.1132 We were welcomed around a cup of tea and Teresa and her husband communicated to us lots of information and documentation on what there was to do and visit on Dublin and surroundings, as well as a drawn plan of theQuartier (very useful) and the means of transport available.The house is very pleasant and the residential area very quiet and without security problem.We appreciated the friendly and direct behavior of our hosts throughout the stay.1133 Teresa was very friendly and it provided me with a lot of information on what can be visited in Dublin.1134 Beautiful little place in a quite suburb right outside the hustle and bustle of downtown Dublin. It has the feel of a countryside home with the convenience of the city. It's a short walk to a new mall or the train station which will put you in heart of Dublin in 15 minutes. If you want a relaxed, clean, quiet, and friendly environment filled with some good vibes and vintage Irish charm....then stay with Teresa and Huey!1135 Teresa and her husband are incredibly nice people. We felt more than welcome at their place and were provided with a nice cup of tea and useful tips about Dublin upon arrival. The house and rooms are very cosy. The city centre is not so close, but public transport connections are fine (bus and tram stops closeby).1136 I had an absolutely fantastic time staying here. The host and her partner were lovely and very helpful. I was given very useful travel advice for arriving at her house from Dublin as well as advice on places to visit. The room was very clean and sheets immaculate. A great experience of Airbnb.1137 Teresa and her husband Hugh were lovely and accomodation. Helping us with our plans, advising on bus routes and tours was very helpful!<br/>Lovely little cosy home with beautiful garden out back for sitting and having a wine and a chat, cute little double room, very comfortable bed and nice and warm!!<br/>Would be happy to go back next time we are in Dublin.1138 We had a lovely time at Teresa's home. She was an excellent host. Teresa and her husband are very nice people, who will help with everything you need. The room was really cosy and comfortable, we felt like at home. If we will ever decide to go to the Dublin again, we would definitely choose to stay here.<br/>1139 Great hosts, nice room and very good location.<br/>The room was very tidy, comfortable and clean. Jose and Vadym were very welcoming and gave us great tips about the transport and city. The location couldn't be better just few steps from Fatima station. <br/>We definitely recommend Jose and Vadym accommodation.1140 We loved the apartment! Spacious bathroom and bedroom and very up to date.  The apartment is right next to the Luas (tram) which made getting around Dublin very easy!  Wonderful experience and I would highly recommend staying with Vadym and Jose!!1141 Great hosts, great location (6 tram stops from city centre), nice apartment with terrace. Warm hearted, open minded easy going guys. No remarks at all.1142 Super helpful and good directions. Good location near tram stop. Hosts were great about check in and check out times.1143 Jose&vadym were both great hosts. They give us good advices about place to visite and things to do.<br/>The room and private bathroom were clean. And the place was close to luas  station. It was a succesfull first airbnb experiment.1144 Jose & Vadym were very nice. Vadym gave me recommendations and directions of where to go and what to do. The house is accessible although the tram wasn't working while I was there because of the strike and then the bank holiday but it's just 15 minutes walk to Houston tram station and Guinness museum. The neighbourhood is really safe. If there's anything would make you book it would be to see and admire a masterpiece photo of Jose by Vadym in their living room. The photo is so pretty! and if you woke up in the middle of the night and can't get back to sleep just grab the Serendipity book beside the bed and start reading (Website hidden by Airbnb) so addictive! I wish that I've stayed longer.1145 Great place. Clean, cost, friendly. Close to Metro makes going in and out of the city a breeze.<br/>Can't rate highly enough and look forward to returning <br/>1146 Very good hosts. we spent a very enjoyable week. Jose and Vadym are very welcoming and very kind. The apartment is like the pictures and the neighborhood is very quiet.<br/>Thank you.1147 Jose&Vadym's place is very nice and quiet, well equipped and with a comfortable bed and private bathroom. Jose&Vadym were very nice and hospitable, gave useful information about public transport (they sent detailed instructions about how to get to the flat in advance) and were very accommodating, turning the heater on for me when it was chilly and being flexible with check in times. The flat is a little out of the city centre but is well connected by the tram.1148 Jose and Vadym are extremely nice hosts, very welcoming and set on making your stay a good one - make sure to follow their recommendations, they know the city well. <br/><br/>The room itself is small but very cozy and comfortable, it also includes a separate private restroom located across the hallway from the bedroom. Both rooms were perfectly clean and the restroom contained all the toiletries (and more) one might need during a trip. <br/><br/>The apartment is located relatively close to downtown but not really within walking distance (25-30 min walk from Temple Bar district, 35+ from Trinity College). The best way to get around is definitely to use the tram, 3 euros will get you a return trip to downtown. The tram is located right around the corner from the apartment, which is extremely convenient.1149 Amazing. Two great guys who really take care of their guests. From awesome directions, to coming to greet me when I'm too tired and jet lagged to understand the directions.  Right outside the luas although it wasn't running I was still close enough to city centre to get there within 15 minutes. <br/>The room was amazing. The bed was so comfortable with extra blankets if you needed it. Extremely clean and high standards but very relaxed1150 We had a really great stay in Dublin. The apartment is perfect, just like the pictures, clean and well decorated. It's really close to the city center, 20 minutes by walk or 10 minutes taking the tram (Luas) that is near the apartment. The neighborhood is really quiet. Jose and Vadym are great hosts, they take care of their guests, we felt very confortable and they gave us many suggestions to visit the city. Thank you guys!1151 José and Vadym were great hosts, very kind, hospitable and their place is great, clean and welcoming. I thoroughly recommend it. GREAT LOCATION AND EASY ACCESS to all the main attractions. I would definitely stay at their place again.1152 The hosts were very informative with their directions to their home. We had no trouble at all finding it! We exchanged keys and we came and went as we pleased. Everything was very clean and just as pictured in their ad. Also very friendly and knowledgeable of the area. Highly recommend!1153 My 2nd trip to Dublin/Ireland, my second time with José and Vadym and again everything was as it must be.The two are very friendly and take care that they like their guests with them, give tips, you have nice chats ... just completely uncomplicated.<br/> room, own bathroom, everything clean, Luas stop in front of the house, 2 stations up to Heuston (747 - Airport Connection) or a few more to the center or 25 minutes on foot.<br/> The 3rd time I will book my room again with the two.1154 Jose and Vadym were exceptional hosts - they greeted us when we arrived, gave us a tour of the apartment, and a set of our own keys. We very much enjoyed their company and very valuable tips on exploring Dublin. They even provided a power adapter for us to use to charge our phones. During our two night stay, we were able to come and go with ease as they are located in an adorable neighborhood RIGHT next to the metro. The room was very comfortable and the provided bathroom had every possible amenity. There were also maps and activity guides for all of Ireland, which helped us plan for our time beyond Dublin. Overall, a fantastic experience that felt like staying with friends. We would absolutely plan to stay with them again the next time we are in Dublin.1155 Jose & Vadym are such warm and welcoming hosts. We felt like we were staying with old friends. We felt so comfortable in their home and loved our nightly chats with them. They are very personable and have such entertaining stories to tell. The location is great and within walking distance of everything. We had a great stay in Dublin and can't wait to return!1156 I had a wonderful stay at Jose and Vadym's flat. They were both gracious and welcoming hosts. The flat was clean and very comfortable. They have thought of everything you may have forgotten to pack and have it available for you. It was also very nice to have use of a private bathroom. <br/>Although the flat is slightly outside the city centre, it was very accessible by public transport or you can have walk into town in about 20 minutes.<br/>I would highly recommend staying with Jose and Vadym if you are ever in Dublin. I hope I can stay with them again the next time I visit the city.1157 Jose and Vadym were wonderful hosts. Very welcoming and generous. Super easy to communicate with as well. The apartment was extremely clean and had great amenities. The location was very great as well, walking distance to the Guinness factory (and only a 20 minute walk downtown), and only a 2 minute walk to the light rail which can take you anywhere you need to go.<br/><br/>Highly recommended!1158 Jose and Vadym were great hosts, very courteous and helpful. At check-out time they even offered us to store our luggage at the apartment so we could roam the city for another few hours and pick it up later. <br/>The room was tidy with a comfortable bed and our own balcony.1159 Jose en Vadym are very friendly, they make you feel if it's your home too. Also they explained everything to do. The place easily can be found due to their route description. You can walk to the center but more easy is the tram it takes only a few stops til the heart of the center. We recommand their room because of our pleasant stay.1160 I never met Vadym but Jose was fantastic! The room and private bathroom were perfectly clean and exactly how they look in the pictures. Bed was super comfortable. Jose met us easily and gave us great directions and information prior to arriving and throughout our short stay. Everything about this Airbnb was perfect and I would definitely stay here again. Thanks Jose!1161 We found the place well, even though it is a little distant from the center.Communication with the host was going well.I was surprised that there is no breakfast included, we managed to deal with it ourselves.The room was small, but had access to the balcony.Very nice, clean.1162 Jose and his home were both fantastic! My boyfriend and I were traveling to Ireland from China, and Jose waited up for our late arrival. His home was clean and in a great location for a 5 minute walk to Guinness Storehouse. He had everything we needed (wifi, shampoo, coffee, etc) and even offered us breakfast each morning. We couldn't have asked for a better host and place to stay in Dublin! Highly recommend staying at Jose's home to anyone passing through Dublin-it was even better than some hotels! Thanks Jose! It was great meeting you!1163 At Vadym and Jose you feel very welcome.We received good information how to get to the Airbnb, and when the taxi driver could not find the address, we called Vadym who came to pick us up.<br/> Jose and Vadym are very warm, sweet hosts who give you the freedom to use their apartment and are interested in their guests and their well -being.<br/> The room is wonderfully quiet with its own balcony located on an inner garden.<br/> From the Airbnb you are at the Luas Tram line in a few minutes and you are in the center in 12 minutes.<br/> Anne and I want to thank Vadym and Jose very much for Hub Hospitality.1164 Jose and Vadym were amazing hosts with a great flat in dublin very close to the Luas. They were very friendly and welcoming and even gave us an umbrella <br/>1165 This was my third stay with Vadym and Jose and I will definitely stay with them if I ever have the opportunity to be in Dublin again. They are very gracious and do everything possible to make me feel comfortable. The apartment is beautiful and very well kept. The location is in a safe area and just around the corner from the commuter train that runs very regularly. They are just a short walk to the Guinness Storehouse where the "Hop on Hop Off" bus stops. I would not hesitate to recommend staying here for anyone visiting Dublin.1166 Two wonderful nights here. Everything is perfect. Vadym is very kind , Regarding the room, that is also super good, clean and comfortable. The decoration is very pretty. There is a big grassland nearby. The transportation is very convenient.Highly recommended.1167 Vadym and Jose were very welcoming and their home was beautiful. Located just a short walk from the city, it was an excellent place to stay.1168 Very grateful to José and Vadym, for his hospitality and kindness.The room and the house in general is impeccable.I would repeat your home again, guys.Thanks a lot for everything.Recommended 100 %<br/> <br/> José and Vadym are great and kind hosts.The House and The Room Are Vray Clan and Nice.I Hope Seeing You Again, You Guys!Thank you for Everything.I Recommend than 100 %1169 Vadym and Jose welcomed us with open arms, we felt very welcome from them and actually like at home.They were very helpful right from the start! <br/> Your home is very clean and really nice, and it is also centrally located, so that you are in the center with the Luas in just a few minutes. <br/> we should ever go back to Dublinwe will definitely go back to the two.A really great Airbnb experience!They are Both very nice and always Helpful! <br/> Their Home is very clean and tidy and real pretty as well.It's very close to the city centre, it only lass a couple of minutes with the luas to get there.It was a real great Airbnb Experience!1170 Excellent guys- excellent hosts! I would definitely suggest them A++1171 We stayed for 2 nights in Karins apartment and we couldn't have found a better place to stay. The apartment is beautifully furnished and you feel very welcome. Every piece of furniture is tastefully selected to give you the authentic georgian experience, coupled with modern commodities to enhance your stay. <br/>Karin was a perfect host, she took care of everything and was contactable at any time.1172 Karin was extremely accommodating and friendly. When we couldn't get the wifi working she lent us a remote connection which worked perfectly - that sort of service makes all the difference. We wanted to stay another few days but sadly, Karin was booked out.1173 Karin's studio was absolutely wonderful. Not only did we find the place to be unique and enjoyable to stay in, but Karin herself was quite lovely, and very helpful. She made sure to check in on us frequently and to see that we were well taken care of. We also loved that she provided some basic groceries, too, allowing us to make a simple breakfast every morning. I'd definitely recommend staying here.1174 Beautiful space, super comfy bed with white linen and Karin very kindly waited up to meet us after our late-evening flight. Wholeheartedly recommended.1175 Fantastic and charming, I spent a month here and was a nice time.<br/>Karen pay atención in any thing you could need. Handy of  north or south downtown walking.<br/>Great election.1176 This apartment is very spacious and is in a beautiful historic home. The attention to details is incredible. <br/>Karin is a wonderful hostess and made our stay in Dublin delightful. We wish we could have extended it. <br/>Its located on the edge of the historic city center. It is an easy walk to most sites and there are great restaurants nearby. <br/>1177 Very nice and cosy appartement. There's everything you need for a good stay. Karin is a great host, very friendly.1178 My friends and I stayed at Karin's for the weekend. Her place was exactly the same as the photos shown on the website and was well equipped; it even had a selection of DVDs to watch! Walking to the city centre only took around 10 minutes which was really covenient.  Would love to come back to stay at the studio again if we ever return to Dublin!1179 The Very Special Oval Georgian Studio certainly lived up to its name! I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. Karin was very welcoming and provided me with lots of information to help me make the most of my stay in Dublin. The apartment was very clean, well cared for and well located. The breakfast provisions, which were delicious, lasted me the 5 days of my stay. The shower recess was smallish but plenty of hot water and good pressure so I was very happy with that! The bed was quite low to the floor but this was not a problem for me.<br/>I was staying on my own and felt very safe in the apartment and the area. I would certainly recommend it to family and friends and given the opportunity would love to stay again!1180 Our stay with Teresa and Hugh was lovely and we could not have asked for a better experience. They both gave us honest advice about what to do and what not to do on our short trip to Ireland. We would highly recommend staying with them to anyone! And we both agreed that if ever make it back to Ireland we will be staying here again!1181 Teresa was very welcoming.1182 I enjoyed everything about my stay with Teresa in her lovely cottage. She and her partner went to great lengths to make my stay comfortable. Full of craic and advice, I found her to be a great personality, who respected my privacy.<br/><br/>The cottage itself was spacious, clean and tidy with great public transport links to the city centre , Church town and Dundrum.<br/><br/>There was a great selection for breakfast which including hot cross buns on one occasion, which I thought was a nice touch.<br/><br/>I found the back garden to be a beautiful and tranquil space to unwind when the weather permits.<br/><br/>Highly recommend staying at Holly Cottage!1183 Loved staying at Teresas place! Her and her husband were extremely helpful during our stay and the place was very well kept and cosy. Felt straight at home and the breakfast in the morning was a really nice addition. Easy tram or bus into the city centre, very comfy bed and lovely area. Highly recommend!1184 Teresa was a marvelous hostess. She's so generous with her hospitality and is just a lot of fun to talk to. She and her husband gave us wonderful recommendations for things to do while we were in the area, and really made us feel at home. Their house is beautiful and in a perfect location removed just a short bus ride away from Dublin itself. They provided us breakfast fixings every morning which were so wonderful, and gave us maps and information for day trips we were taking. I certainly would stay with them again!1185 Lovely! Vadym and Jose are the nicest persons I've ever met. They made sure I was comfortable and had everything I needed. They respected my privacy but also offered company if I wanted to. Their home is just lovely! Very tidy, comfortable and just a few mi nutes away from the center. All together, a wonderful experience!!1186 We have been 3 nights and it has been perfect.Vadym and José have been very friendly, they have given us indications to visit the city and even when we had a personal problem they helped us solve it.<br/> The room was very clean and very cozy.And from the apartment to the center you could get a walk in 20 minutes.<br/> It has been a great stay and we will repeat!1187 Vadym and Jose were very welcoming and it felt like a home from home. We had a lovely stay and would thoroughly recommend these fun guys.1188 Great hosts, knowledgeable about the area and very welcoming. Location is good, the building is across the street from the tram. Would definitely recommend staying with them and would do so again if I return to Dublin in the future.1189 My best airbnb experience ever!Great price for the offer!Perfect location,easy fast access to the city center,but also to St James hospital where I was working. Perfect venue for both a business trip but also to a romantic escape as the room is perfect for a couple as well. Beautiful house!!! Perfect room!!!The room is big and very well decorated with a private charming balcony. Private huge bathroom... The hosts are extreamly welcoming!!!Coffee and tea and simple breakfast was offered!!1190 These guys are very friendly.They help you in everything you want to know the city.His house is very beautiful.The host fourth has a great balcony that gives a large super quiet patio.1191 All very well.Excellent host.Very clean and all new room.Very close to the Tram and Barrio Quiet. <br/> to recommend and repeat.1192 Although it wasn't right in the centre of the Dublin, this wasn't a problem at all; the public transport was accessible and loads of things to do within walking distance (Guinness factory, museums etc) and the area was lovely and quiet! The apartment was perfect and the two hosts were so hospitable, delicious coffees made for us in the morning! Overall brilliant stay, thank you both!1193 So friendly and welcoming, finding the apartment and checking in was a breeze. Cereals, tea, coffee etc all included and lovely fluffy towels. Comfortable room, cosy and you have a balcony which is nice. Close to everything, great transport links and literally the cleanest place we've ever stayed. IMMACULATE. We will definitely come to stay again. 10/10!<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>1194 The blend of Russian humor and Portuguese wisdom along with Dublin's climate was good enough to make this trip a memorable one. With some initial hiccups during check-in, the trip was a complete pleasure. Vadym and Jose were quite helpful, open minded and cooperating. <br/><br/>The accommodation is located quite close to the sites such as Guinness Storehouse, National museum of Ireland, Christ Church Cathedral and many more. City centre is about 3 kms from the place, which was walkable for us.<br/> <br/>Room was nice, clean and tidy. Beds were comfortable provided with all the amenities required to deal with Dublin's weather. Bathroom was shining and was exceptionally good. Their flat is equipped with every modern gadget one can imagine for a comfortable stay. <br/><br/>You might get extra lucky if LINDA (The Cat) gives you a warm & welcoming gaze too.<br/><br/>Thanks to Jose and Vadym for your gestures and making my stay a comfortable one.1195 José and Vadym were really nice hosts. There is nothing I could complain about. They made me feel welcome from the very first moment and we had some great conversations. I'd love to meet them again someday...1196 Hospitality is great, very clean and a nice room with own bathroom!1197 Our stay with Teresa and Hugh was really nice. She's very helpful and kind and an excellent host. I couldn't ask for a better experience. She let our own privacy and helped us a lot with evertything we needed.<br/>The rooms are very cosy, clean and confortable. The place is really close to the bus stop and it's really easy to go to the center or to the Dundrum shopping mall. <br/> If we will ever decide to go to Dublin again, we would definitely choose to stay there.<br/>And of course...breakfast is awesome!1198 We had a really good time in Dublin. Teresa and her husband were so nice and gave us many tips what to do and where to go. Their house is lovely and we had everything we needed. The house is 6 km away from the city but the bus stop is 1 minunte away and there is also a tram station about 12 minutes away so it is very easy to get to the city. We really enjoyed our stay in Teresa's cottage!1199 What a lovely welcome to Ireland we had staying with Teresa. Room was perfect... Comfortable bed and spare cupboard space to spread out. Bathroom was very roomy and extremely clean.  Breakfast very satisfying with cereals toast and fresh preserves. Public transport options were numerous and very close walking distance. Thank-you for making our visit to Dublin so comfortable and relaxing Teresa.1200 We spent three nights at home Teresa and we have been very comfortable.Teresa is a very friendly, lovely person and always ready to help and she has advised us very well about what we could visit in 2 days.The very clean, comfortable place.Breakfast based on cereal and toast with jam with a delicious lemon jam.1201 Teresa was a wonderful host.  She was very helpful and accessible.  The provided breakfasts of toast and spreads, and cereals were nice.  We also enjoyed the smoking shelter in the back yard which we generally used as a relaxing place to enjoy our dinner (take out) when we returned in the evening.  The accommodations were nice, and food, shopping, and mass transit are within a reasonable walking distance.1202 We had a really nice stay with Teresa and Hughie . They were both very helpfull .<br/>We were very comfortable in the house and had everything that we needed . We enjoyed the breakfast everyday and the chats that we had with Teresa and Hughie .We had family and friends living in the area and it was very easy to get around with the local and city bus stops on the street outside and the luas ( tram ) service a short walk or bus ride away . The large shopping centre nearby is also a bonus . We would stay there again with Teresa and Hughie next time we visit Dublin .1203 Teresa and her husband, Hue, we're so kind and lovely to stay with. They have a sweet, tidy, clean home with a VERY comfy bed. Each morning they had a nice assortment set out for breakfast with new kinds of breads. They were both very welcoming, helpful and a joy to converse with. We we highly recommend them as a host home.1204 Teresa and her husband are great hosts. Her cottage was comfortable and easy to find. And I enjoyed very much the self serve breakfast they offered. They were very helpful with everything, and we got a wonderful taste of being local.1205 Teresa was very welcoming and helpful, my friend and I had a pleasant stay in her home and Dublin city!1206 Teresa was very welcoming and really went out of her way to facilitate my son and his friends. She was prompt with all communication and provided lots of helpful advice before their stay. <br/><br/>The boys reported that she was flexible and relaxed- they absolutely loved it!1207 Lovely cottage in a calm area!1208 Teresa and Hugh are very hospitable, dear people.You have done everything so that your guests can enjoy a nice stay.They are very helpful, with questions and problems you can contact the two hosts at any time.<br/> The house is clean and very cozy.Our room was small, but we liked it very much.The bed was very comfortable and equipped with a cozy blanket and 4 pillows.<br/> The guest bath was very clean and was kept clean every day.<br/><br/> The facility met the information.The WiFi worked great and was quick, although several guests and the home side used it.<br/><br/> In the neighborhood, several public transport runs with which you can quickly get into the city, the mountains or the sea.<br/> In addition, different restaurants, a pub and a large shopping center are available in 15 minutes (a bus also goes there, but since it drives an arch, you are not really faster).<br/><br/> It was a nice stay and we were very satisfied with our choice.1209 Very friendly recording, very helpful hosts.Very good breakfast, cozy, clean rooms, recommended.1210 We really liked staying with Teresa an Hugh. They're so welcoming and warm people who Help us with everything we needed!1211 We had the best stay in Dublin. Hugh and Teresa were the kindest hosts. The house was beautiful. It was a wonderful weekend getaway. We would definitely recommend it and would love to come back!1212 We were made most welcome. Our bedroom was small but nice and cosy. The bathroom was clean and there was plenty of hot water for our showers. In the morning we helped ourselves to the breakfast from the breakfast items on the trolley. As we were visiting family we actually spent very little time at Teresa's, leaving after breakfast and not returning until 10ish. It was an ideal place for us to stay being a very short drive away from family. Thank you Teresa for accommodating us as I know you were not planning on having guests so soon into the New Yeae.1213 Couldn't of asked for more! cwry welcoming and helpful hosts! Had. Brilliant knowledge of the area, local transport and things to do! Would highly recommend to anyone! Had a wonderful Ireland holiday! And can't wait To visit again!1214 This was a lovely place to stay, with good transport links. Would stay here again1215 Nice place1216 Room very comfortable and beautiful (including softening hair in the bath!) Vadym and Joseph were excellent hosts, very pleasant (email hidden by Airbnb) certainty, we recommend everyone to (Website hidden by Airbnb) Leap Card, the centerIt is located just 10 minutes.1217 The hosts were fantastic. Great communication and incredibly welcoming :) we felt very at home and had all the necessary facilities. Tips and advice given was accurate and very helpful. We would very much recommend staying here :) <br/>Thank you and all the best1218 We've had a really great time und Dublin. Jose an Vadym are both perfect hosts and very nice and friendly! We felt very welcome, thank u guys!1219 Vadym and Jose are outstanding hosts. Their home is beautiful, super clean, modern with all amenaties....even a terry robe! Public transport is one block away into center of town and Guiness Storehouse walking distance...don't miss it! Their place is a 5 star stay in all ways! Love Dublin!1220 Nice apartment and host, I had no problems at all. Would recommend any time.1221 The floor is very good, the perfect location.Very close to the tram.Vadym and Jose are very nice and explain everything necessary to move by Dublin. <br/>1222 My sister and I had a great stay at Vadym's and Jose's apartment. They were really kind and welcoming. The apartment was absolutely clean and we had enough towels for the shower. At day it was really easy to get to the city center by Luas (tram), about 2.90€/ride. In the evening it is quite difficult to get home because the Luas is out of order after 12 p.m., so we had to take a taxi after that time. The area around the apartment is really quite and clean, the building and the apartment seemed to be renovated only a few years ago. All in all we had a great stay and we can recommend it any time! Thank you a lot.<br/>1223 Very good location and lovely room. I would recommend and definitely stay again if I came to Dublin.1224 Everything was perfect; thank you both for the great accommodation!1225 Certainly one of the best places I've stayed. Warm. Clean and comfortable.1226 Journey to Dublin Magnificent!We stayed in the Vadym and Jose apartment!The apartment is very nice and clean!It is located in an easy position to reach from the airport and also to go to the center it is very comfortable !!!I absolutely recommend it !!!Jose very kind and helpful, Vadym unfortunately we couldn't meet him !!!See you soon guys !!!1227 Vadym and Jose were wonderful hosts. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay in their beautiful apartment. I would highly recommend this listing to anyone planning a visit to Dublin. Tip: If you're arriving to Dublin airport, be sure to follow the great travel advice in the description for getting into, and around the city.1228 Vadym's place was great. Really close to public transport which made getting around Dublin really simple and convenient. Vadym and Jose were great hosts, very warm and welcoming. I would definitely recommend their home to anyone wanting to move around Dublin.1229 Super nice hosts and very helpful1230 We absolutely loved staying with Jose and Vadym! They were super nice and fun to talk to! Their apartment was immaculate and had lots of amenities. I am very allergic to cats but their home was so clean I didn't sneeze one time from their beautiful cat Linda. That's saying a lot from me too! I would highly recommend this apartment. Great hosts!1231 Karin's lovely apartment was very comfortable and well equipped for our 2 night stay. Even though we flew into Dublin early in the morning,we were able to drop off our bags to start exploring the city. The apartment was only a short walk to O'Connell Street and the Temple Bar area. Karin was a great host providing us with lots of information of places to see and things to do. She kindly offered to do our laundry for €6, which she donated to charity. The only negative we found was that at night the locals could be quite rowdy. All in all our stay was very enjoyable.1232 This is a 'very special' apartment - it has all the modern comforts you could want plusthe elegance and charm of a stately Georgian house. Karin O'Flanagan is a great host. She made sure we had all we needed (including my low fat natural yoghurt!) and helped us with information about local shops, restaurants and cafes, as well as having multiple books and brocures about Dublin on hand. We had a car with us, but it was completely unnecessary for our short stay, as we could easily walk to most places from Mountjoy Square. We really enjoyed our Dublin stay.1233 Karin was a great host. She had great recommendations for what to do in the area. She was very helpful throughout our trip. Would definitely look her up if we make it back to Dublin.1234 Lovely all-in-one accommodation - tastefully decorated and real attention to detail.  Karin was very welcoming and helpful (coming home one night to her delicious banana bread was a real treat).  Would highly recommend.1235 We had a great stay and Karin was phenomenal with recomendations.  We went to a great bistro/pub that was superb and also she recomended a great market to visit just outside of the city.  <br/><br/>Would definetely go back1236 I stayed at Karin's place with my teenage daughter in October and found the flat really charming. Karin was a great hostess, so warm and helpful and a lot of fun to talk to. The flat is a 15-minute walk from the centre and we never used public transport. We loved Dublin, and the flat - and whole building - added to that special feeling of being in a place with a lot of character. We had to catch a really early flight home, but Karin got up to personally see us off at the bus stop and make sure that we got on the right bus to the airport! That was so kind of her, and we felt we were in good hands the whole stay. Quite imprtant for a mother and daughter on holiday..1237 We had a great time in this beautiful apartment - well furnished, comfortable, with many thoughtful additions to the flat to make it warm and welcoming.  Karin is a caring and approachable host.  We had an authentic experience in Dublin  partly thanks to this gorgeous apartment.  My only gripe is that we had no hot water for the duration of our stay (albeit for 15 minutes one morning which was bliss!) which in a cold October was tough to bear.  Otherwise, I would highly recommend a stay here.1238 Karin was a wonderful host.  The place was lovely, conveniently located, and she had lots of great tips and advice for things to do (and eat!) around town.  Would stay here again!1239 Do yourself a huge favor in life and stay here. It was the BEST experience I have ever had using airbnb. Staying at the Georgian studio is living in architectural heaven. My friend Emily and I stayed for four nights. Each night we made a fire and warm beverages before heading out to one of Karin's recommended pubs. Each morning we made a giant breakfast with the amazing goods Karin supplied for us. While the studio itself is incredible (immaculate, perfectly located, stunning, spacious) the most valuable part of staying here was the  advice given to us by Karin herself. She spent literal hours of her time helping us find the best of the best in Dublin. She takes pride in her city, knows its depth and has impeccable taste that made our experience one to remember. She also spent many hours doing research for us helping us get to our next place of destination. I have now been traveling all over Ireland with the help of Karin's expertise. I am very grateful to her and do not have enough good things to say about staying here. Needless to say, I shall be returning.1240 We had a fantastic time in Dublin, and much thanks to this great apartment. It was beautiful and had everything we could expect. We certainly enjoyed sitting in front of the fireplace with a glass of wine or Guinness. Karin was a great host!1241 Staying with Karin was simply awesome.  She went above and beyond my expectations by supplying food and giving me recommendations for things to do and see.  I will definitely stay with her again in the future.1242 Karin was a very thoughtful host. The fridge was filled with basics which allowed us to enjoy a rich breakfast after our first night in dublin. The furnishing of the apartment is very special. After long and exhausting shopping-trips we really enjoyed sitting in front of the feature fireplace!!<br/>The position of the building is fantastic. It didn't take us more than 15 minutes to reach the center of dublin.<br/><br/>We had a perfect stay at Karin's apartment and would love to come back!1055 Jose and Vadym are great hosts.  We were not at their place for very long, but nevertheless their commitment to making our stay as pleasant as possible was evident.<br/><br/>Their apartment is quite large, very clean, nicely decorated, and very comfortable.<br/><br/>We had to catch a cab to the airport early in the morning, and Vadym went out of his way to make sure that the cab was there on time, which we appreciated greatly.1056 We had a wonderful time staying here! They were both so helpful and accommodating and showed us all the great things to see in Dublin. Recommend them to everyone!1057 I only stayed one night - they were so kind they made an exception to the minumum stay - but it was just perfect. I only met Jose, and he was a perfect host, very friendly and welcoming. The room is great, as it is the apartment: very clean, warm and furnished with great taste. The location is just a few tram stops from the heart of Dublin, perfect. <br/>I would definitely stay there again if I went to Dublin another time.1058 What a lovely time we had,we were very apprehensive about air B n B,as this was the first time we used it, these two lovely blokes made us feel like part of their family,went out of their way to make our stay such a wonderful experience,we will miss the long chats and great laughs.we can not recommend them highly enough1059 Very warm welcome and great, clean comfortable accommodation!!1060 A very nice welcoming, Teresa was very kind, helpful and easy going.1061 Teresa and her husband are two lovely people. They kindly welcomed us into their home and gave us all the information needed to spend time in Dublin.<br/>The house is very clean and comfortable, the center is easily reached by public transport. Breakfast is included and very good. really recommended.1062 Teresa and Hugh offer a warm, welcoming and creative home. We had the twin room and a relaxed start to our days, sight seeing and catching up with friends. They gave us all the information we needed to make the most of our stay, room was great, suited my aesthetic sensibilities. Lovely people, would happily recommend to anyone I know and beyond.1063 Teresa (and Hugh) absolutely delightful hosts with lovely home and very comfy accommodation.   A brilliant start to our trip in Ireland (we're having a wonderful time!).  Thanks again for a great few days, Rob & Kathy1064 Myself  and my fiancé recently stayed with Teresa and Hugh for two weeks while we were in between permanent accommodation. The location of their cottage is brilliant, 15 mins walk to dundrum center and another 15 mins to the heart of Dublin ! The cottage itself is lovely and extremely comfortable, like a home away from home! Teresa and Hugh were amazing hosts and went above and beyond to make sure our stay was an enjoyable one! I would recommend this property to anyone planning a trip to Dublin ! You will not be dissapointed!! Thanks guys Colman and Alex1065 Teresa was a wonderful host. She was so easy to communicate with and gave us great directions and tips for getting around Dublin and for the rest of our stay in Ireland!  She and her husband were so hospitable and welcoming--I highly recommend staying at their home.  Thanks again for a lovely time Teresa!1066 10/10!! Teresa and Hugh are two of the most lovely people I have met. They were friendly, welcoming, informative, and easygoing - the perfect hosts! This was a fantastic place to stay - easily accessible to the city centre but in a quiet suburb with a handy shopping centre and restaurant precinct nearby. The only difficulty was getting out of bed in the morning to explore Dublin - the bed was so comfortable and warm - perfect for the weary traveller! I thoroughly enjoyed my stay here and if I (hopefully) return to Dublin this will most definitely be my first choice for accommodation! Highly recommended!1067 We had a wonderful time staying with Teresa! Churchtown is close to Dundrum which is really close to central Dublin and easily accessible by Luas (tram). Be sure to visit the great shopping centre in Dundrum (walking distance from the house)? Teresa's home is welcoming and cosy and she is a fantastic and helpful host. We had some great conversations! I would recommend a stay at her house to anyone!! Thanks Teresa we miss you already!1068 Great place to stay. Friendly and really helpful. Location is beside public transport so getting into town is easy!1069 We stayed here for 3 nights and Jose and Vadym did everything to make us feel at home, they even offered us their homemade cake for breakfast :) it's been a pleasure to met them and if we're gonna come back again in Ireland we surely contact them1070 Very nice friendly host.<br/> Everything worked very well;You expected us everything to show us;<br/> Zimmer was small but with a balcony and close to the tram.<br/> WiFi available, kitchen use and bathroom everything was okay.<br/> Both were very helpful.1071 Im very grateful to hosts! They were very polite and friendly. House is exceptional! Very Spacious! Nice fresh design.     The same about the room!<br/>Im really impressed by bathroom and well the whole house to be honest. It has this feeling of boutique hotel where you can relax after a long day in the city. <br/>Highly recommended!1072 The room was clean and the bed was very comfortable! The bedroom also had a very cute balcony. Jose and Vadym were very nice and let us use their fridge to make sandwiches. Vadym also got the room ready very quickly to accommodate an early checkin. The only downside is that several Dubliners told us it is not the best area. It is fine during the day, just don't walk around by yourself at night and maybe take a taxi home on late nights. We never ran into any problems, this is just what we heard from locals.1073 The stay with Jose and Vadym was great.All clean.Communication very well.I can only recommend the two!1074 Jose and Vadym were very welcoming and made me feel right at home.  They have a lovely, quiet apartment and the room was clean and cozy. This is a great place to stay for easy access to the city without being in the city center. Thanks Jose and Vadym, for tips on the city and great conversation!1075 Great place to stay! Hosts were incredibly nice and welcoming. The location is perfect for anyone wanting to stay in Dublin since it is very easy to find and right near a Luas (train) stop. Would definitely recommend to anyone and would stay there again if we should return to Dublin!1076 Vadym and José were very friendly, helping, welcoming and overall wonderful hosts. They were very understanding that we arrived quite late at the evening and had to leave early in the morning. The accommodation was very nice and only max. 10 minutes away from the city centre. We had a lovely time. If we have the chance to do another trip to Dublin, we would definitely choose to stay there :)1077 Jose and Vadym were gracious hosts that were kind, friendly, and very welcoming.  We had a great time staying at their wonderful home. Would recommend to anyone visiting Dublin!1078 Wow! Such great hosts. Not only did they stay up late for my arrival but got up very early for my departure - these poor boys will need a holiday after my visit1079 Our experience with Jose and Vadym was extremely positive.  Their apartment was warm, friendly, clean, and safe.  Living next to the Luas tram was also convenient for getting in and out of town.   Both Jose and Vadym are very accommodating and really took the time to make us feel comfortable.  They even spent time mapping out which monuments, restaurants, and pubs we needed to see for the time we were there.  Living with Jose and Vadym was so enjoyable that we had  dinner with them our last night in Dublin.  They are great hosts and I recommend their apartment with the highest regards.  I have no regrets and would definitely stay here again.  Thank you Jose and Vadym!1080 Great vacation!<br/> The hosts are very friendly and helpful.<br/> Accommodation and surrounding as described.<br/> You just can't go wrong.<br/> So thanks to Jose & Vadym.<br/>1081 <br/>Jose and Vadum were excellent hosts, providing information and ideas to make our stay better. The condo is right on the Luas stop Fatima which quickly gets you anywhere quickly. Although some Dubliners seemed concerned at the area being dicey (I think called Federal Mansions) we saw absolutely no reason for that and felt safe at all times of day. <br/>They provided tea, breakfast or snacks, a comfy bed, large bath and just enough privacy.  I'd go back anytime. Thanks so much, guys.<br/>1082 We loved our experience at Jose and Vadym.They quickly made us feel comfortable, and they were available to answer our questions if necessary.The location is great, and the sector very quiet.The room and apartment were very clean.With the tram it was great and so easy to get to the city center as to the airport.I recommend this place.1083 What a perfect introduction to AirBnB. Jose and Vadym are wonderful people and their home is just perfect, right on the Luas and close to Heuston Station. We had no worries getting around, even late at night. Several people seemed concerned that the location was a bit dicey, but we saw absolutely no issues, even walking back from the Guinness Storehouse one Luas stop away. Americans, remember to bring your washcloths! They are not common overseas. But, we would definitely stay here again.1084 Jose & Vadym were incredible hosts - they helped us plan activities, called a taxi for us, etc.  Their place is very clean and is centrally located.   Thanks for a great time!1085 Jose and Vadym were excellent hosts and I would recommend staying at this apartment.<br/>Everything was as described in the listing. The apartment was clean and nicely decorated, the bed was incredibly comfortable and the balcony was lovely.  The proximity to the tram stop and then the Houston station for the airport bus was really helpful. <br/>Vadym and Jose were easy to communicate with prior to my arrival and the listing includes very clear instructions on how to find the place. They very welcoming and I enjoyed insightful chats with both of them. They seem to genuinely enjoy hosting and really strive to make their guests comfortable. Would definitely stay here again!1086 We had a great time with Vadym and Jose !!The location of the apartment is absolutely awesome, the tram is only 1 minute away and in 10 minutes you are directly in the city center.Vadym and Jose are both totally friendly and helpful.<br/><br/> Absolutely recommended for Dublin visitors.Without restriction.1087 Superb room (in a very nice apartment) a few steps from public transport.Jose welcomed us like friends and gave us many advice (which were of great help to us!).I highly recommend José and Vadym's room!<br/><br/> Lovely Room (in a very Nice Apartment) A Few Steps Away from the Luas.Jose WELCOMED US AS Friends and Provided US ADVICES (which have been of a great help!).I Recommend Strongly Jose and Vadym's Room!1088 Jose and Vasym are really welcoming people, the room was very nice, clean and comfortable (as was the whole flat). we even had our own bathroom with towels! they provided us breakfast and even gave us some helpful tips about the city. perfect hosts and a really nice place to spend a few days in dublin!1089 We enjoyed 3 nights at Jose and Vadyms place. The flat was very welcoming, quit and clean. <br/>You can reach the Guiness Storehouse in 5min walk, the Templebar in about 30min walk. <br/>We had with both enjoyable chats and because of such nice guys we like travelling with airbnb.1090 Jose and Vadym were great hosts. This was my first Airbnb experience and they made it wonderful. <br/><br/>Directions to their place were clear and easy to figure out. <br/><br/>Their home is clean, nicely put together, bright and open. <br/><br/>I ended up coming earlier than my reservation and Jose accommodated me and made me feel welcome.  Both Jose and Vadym were warm and were easy to talk to.  I had a wonderful time at their place and I would definitely recommend them. <br/><br/>If I'm back in Ireland, I'd want to stay with them:)1091 This was a perfect choice; the home was welcoming and as my mother used to say:  so immaculate that one can even eat off the floor.  From the time I walked in, I felt like family.  The room was comfortable in every way and it honestly felt like this was my home in Dublin.  Jose and Vadym are artists and everything is aesthetic and lovely.  I had a lot of privacy, and yet also memorable opportunities to 'hang out' and share interesting and cherished  conversations.  It is easy to get there from the Airport using public transportation and the Luas down the block makes daily travel easy.1092 Jose and Vadym were very welcoming and helpful.  The room was just as described, with a nice balcony and closet space.  It was nice and quiet, and I slept great!  I would definitely stay here again.1093 Jose and Vadym were very friendly hosts who made my friend, Elsa, and I feel at home in their beautiful apartment. Thank you for the wonderful hospitality!1094 It was a great little cottage and Teresa was extremely helpful, kind and hospitable. She's a wonderful person to talk to and gives great advice on traveling round Dublin, as well as life! Plus the bed was amazingly comfortable with a toasty electric blanket to keep you warm and cosy at night. The only issue I had was with unmentioned house rules. I had an early morning flight back to London and back to Asia, meaning i"d be on a plane for over a day - a shower is of paramount importance to me. Being told that people should not be taking showers at 5 in the morning is a no no to me. If this was mentioned in house rules, I'd have chosen a different place to begin with.1095 We absolutely loved staying with Teresa and Hugh! They are such lovely people I would've loved to stay with them for a few more days if I could've! The room was very comfortable and clean and so was the bathroom. The breakfast was so nice too. Loved everything about staying in their home. It was just a short bus ride away from the center of Dublin. Would love to stay there again and would definitely recommend staying here to anyone visiting Dublin!1096 Teresa and Hugh were just the sweetest couple imaginable - very warm and welcoming! They had a handy map all made up for us showing us how to get around the neighborhood, and their home was so lovely. We especially loved that the neighborhood was nice and quiet, but it was so convenient to get into town from there. And we appreciated all the communication Teresa provided prior to our visit. Would absolutely recommend them!1097 We had a lovely stay with Teresa! Her home is perfect and breakfast was always delicious, a great spread! The bed was very comfortable and she and her husband were very helpful! Would highly recommend staying here if you're in Dublin!1098 We had an amazing time in Dublin thanks to Teresa and Hugh! As soon as we arrived,  soaked through due to the typical weather, they turned the heating on to dry our clothes, made us tea and shared a huge collection of "Things to do in Dublin and how to get there". Although these are only little things, they made a huge impact on how comfortable we felt in their beautiful home and on our overall stay. The house was perfectly located... near enough to Marlay Park (for concerts and a nice stroll), local shopping centre and restaurants where Guinness is much cheaper than in town ;) and also the centre of Dublin. There were a huge amount of options for breakfast! If we went to Dublin again, we would definitely stay here!  Overall an awesome stay with a lovely couple!1099 My friend and I spend 4 nights with Teresa whilst going to a festival in Dublin and we had a great stay!! <br/>Teresa and Hugh are both great people and very generous, openminded and we really enjoyed their hospitality! They were always willing to help.<br/><br/>The rooms are comfortable and the same as on the pictures.<br/><br/>It takes about 20/30 to get to Dublin city centre which is very easy to get to! <br/><br/>when we go to Dublin again we will definitely stay with Teresa and Hugh a couple of nights!1100 Teresa and Hugh were very friendly and welcoming. They were interested in what we were going to do or how our day was. And if we needed help Teresa always gave us very helpful advice. They also have a very lovely house which was very relaxing and comfortable. We had a very nice time in Dublin and are looking forward to spend one last night there in a few days.1101 Incredibly welcome and flexible, generous and friendly! It's a beautiful area with great transport links to the city centre. Not that you need to go anywhere as the local town centre is very well equipped to keep you occupied for a week. The hosts were very kind, full of local knowledge and extremely accommodating.1102 Teresa and Hugh are cordial people who really give you a great time.We were received with coffee/tea and immediately received all kinds of information about nice trips.Room was basic, but with good beds and nice and warm.Breakfast was great, spacious with both bread and breakfast cereals.Furthermore, it was cozy house and clean.We come back!1103 Very friendly welcome in a nice apartment, where you feel at home ...1104 Jose&Vadym are very sweet and have a charming flat! Vadym was incredibly patient with me, and helped me navigate Dublin's public transportation. The room is cozy and looks out on a deck into a private courtyard. The flat is very clean and the bathroom is immaculate! Seriously, a great place to stay!1105 Super-welcoming, particularly given I arrived later than planned. Nice, cosy room, own bathroom with hot shower. Lovely stay :-) Many thanks.1106 Everything was as in the photo, Vadym was the best host in the world, he even made a great sponge cake!The super clean house, all very collected.The very comfortable bed in a perfect room.The very funny talk times.It is very close to the center and Vadym explains phenomenal where you can go, what can be done, where to eat ... We have felt at home and not only recommend it, we are sure we will repeat.<br/>1107 Vadym greeted us and made us feel very welcome. We were in a hurry to catch a dinner reservation so we didn't have a lot of time to sit down and visit with him, though he invited us to. The apartment building was very secure and the apartment itself was very nice.1108 As good of an experience as it gets. I felt right at home throughout my stay thanks to Jose and Vadyms hospitality. The room/private bathroom is well equipped and had everything I could possibly need - from shaving cream to moisturizer.<br/> The location is also very convenient. It is a very pleasant 20-minute walk to the centre via loads of historic sites and cafes. There is also a great gym and spa downstairs that I highly recommend right downstairs for just 8 euros. Anyways, do yourself a favor and stay here.1109 Jose & Vadym have a nice place, close to the Luna so easy to get into town. I was made to feel very welcome, great hospitality. I would stay with Jose & Vadym again.1110 Jose & Vadym are top notch hosts.  Warm and welcoming,  waited up for us after an already late and delayed flight.   Bed comfy,  room quiet,  and all the basics on hand.   Accommodating of families,  highly recommend. Thanks guys :)1111 I don't know where should I start from.<br/>The place and the flat and Jose &vadym all together made me having fantastic time. <br/>Clean , warm welcome, friendly, sense of human, respected and super people.<br/>I'm sorry vadym didn't have the chance to say goodbye to you. <br/>I wish you all the best guys <br/>High recommend. <br/>Thank you Jose&vadym1112 Jose & Vadym really are superhosts! They made us feel welcome from the moment we arrived, the room is cosy and warm and they try and be as flexible as possible with information, timings and handovers to make sure you have a great time in Dublin.1113 Perfect appartment to spent few days in Dublin. Modern, very tidy and quiet, and close to the center through the red line. Jose and Vadym are the perfect hosts, incredibly nice, easy-going, and willing to make you feel at home !1114 To date, my best experience of accommodation in British / Irish soil, for hospitality and for cleaning! <br/> promoted with flying colors.<br/> Not really central but well connected accommodation.1115 The apparent is very well located just one minute away from the tramway stop. Everything you can expect in a cozy, welcoming environment. The apartment is also very clean and the hosts are there to answer all of your questions and give you tips about Dublin. I would definitely recommend this place if you ever have the chance to visit Dublin :)1116 Jose and Vadym were amazing hosts! They were really warm and welcomed us into their apartment like we were family. Stop is within a 2 minute walk from public transportation, very convenient. They even called a taxi for us in the early morning for us to get to the airport - would definitely stay there again.1117 My son and I had a fantastic time staying with Jose and Vadym, they were very welcoming! Had made an awesome gluten free chocolate cake and stayed up to get to know us! They treated us like family very conscientious about our needs and comfort! I wish we had been able to stay longer! I would recommend them highly as hosts!1118 Nice place located in a residential area, excellent house and host.1119 I had a very nice experience in Ireland!!! The house and neighborhood were great, and perfect for my sisters and I's needs. Teresa and her husband were so nice!! Teresa gave us suggestions on what to do and provided us with directions to the Luas tram (only about a 10-15 min walk) that takes you to the city and is very convenient. They were very inviting and welcoming as well. Teresa's husband called the cab for us to pick us up at 6 am, which was a very big help since we couldn't use our phones. Also, churchtown/dundrum area is a very nice quiet neighborhood with a huge and very nice mall.  Overall, I had a lovely experience!1120 Teresa is amazing!  She was extremely easy to communicate with and gave phenomenal recommendations.  The room was comfortable, clean and better than I could have imagined.  I had such a nice time and would stay here again and again.1121 We has a lovely stay at the house of Teresa. She made us feel very welcome and  was very helpful with finding activities. Everything was clean and quiet.1122 Teresa was an absolute pleasure! She and her husband were so warm and welcoming from the second we got there. They showed us everywhere in Dublin that we could go and gave us all the routes to get there! The cottage was lovely and was everything we could ever hope for. The both of them made our trip that much more special. I couldn't of been happier.1123 I had 3 very good nights in Ireland! It was a lovely house with a nice garden. The bed was very comfortable and the shower was also very good. The breakfast was also delicious (especially the blueberry cornflakes and the fresh milk).<br/><br/>Teresa and her husband were very kind to tell me about what to do because I got only 2,5 days in Irland. I went to the mountains and a waterfall one day and to Dublin one other day. The trip to mountains was amazing!<br/><br/>Dublin was a little bit more far away that I have expected: 15 min walk and 15 min in the LUAS (metro). The good thing was that I was only 8 km from the mountains so this house is good situated if you want both the city and the beautiful nature.<br/><br/>I would really like to come back to Ireland one day!1124 Teresa and her husband were fantastic.They have explained how I travel to different points of interest and have helped us with the excursion reserve.The place is beautiful, although a little far from the center, in Tram you arrive in 10 minutes.The house has everything you need to have a good stay.I would undoubtedly return.Thank you!!1125 Good welcome, pleasant house, the Luas nearby is a real asset.<br/>1126 We had a great time at Teresa.She and her husband are very warm, welcoming and friendly!They are also very good advice.<br/> The house is super pretty, the breakfast with seen on the garden it was the top.In addition we are a stone's throw from the tram, ideal for going to the city center.<br/> We immediately feel good, like at home.<br/> I recommend live this accommodation.1127 The best word to describe our stay at Teresa's is "lovely." Everything was lovely! We absolutely loved meeting Teresa and her husband. They were so welcoming and so friendly! The communication before and during our stay was superb. They made a few amazing recommendations that really improved our trip (visit to Howth, getting a Leap card, etc.) it was so comfortable and so convenient staying with them. We'd recommend Teresa to anyone! :)1128 Both Teresa and her husband were lovely.  They were extremely kind and helped my friend and I with directions, providing detailed maps, and also providing us with pamphlets and information on tours that we might be interested in.  Their place was extremely cozy and also well connected to the tram in order to get to the city center.  They provided us with everything we needed to make ourselves breakfast in the morning.  I can't stress enough how sweet Teresa and her husband were, we were really sad to leave!  If I ever go back to Dublin, I will make sure to contact them first.1129 We absolutely loved staying with Teresa and Hugh!! They were so hospitable! When we go back to Ireland, we will definitely stay with them again1130 We were warmly welcomed by the man of the house.He gave us very good advice to eat.Public transport to Dublin was nearby.The bed (very soft) and the breakfast (very minimal: lots of confectionery/breakfast cereals, no meat products at the weekend) is certainly a point of improvement.1131 Teresa was an excellent host. Her home was extremely quaint and lovely in every aspect. She made us feel right at home by offering us hot tea and bread. Her listing was as exactly as she described and if we ever find ourselves visiting Dublin again Holly cottage will definitely be the place we want to stay.1132 We were welcomed around a cup of tea and Teresa and her husband communicated to us lots of information and documentation on what there was to do and visit on Dublin and surroundings, as well as a drawn plan of theQuartier (very useful) and the means of transport available.The house is very pleasant and the residential area very quiet and without security problem.We appreciated the friendly and direct behavior of our hosts throughout the stay.1133 Teresa was very friendly and it provided me with a lot of information on what can be visited in Dublin.1134 Beautiful little place in a quite suburb right outside the hustle and bustle of downtown Dublin. It has the feel of a countryside home with the convenience of the city. It's a short walk to a new mall or the train station which will put you in heart of Dublin in 15 minutes. If you want a relaxed, clean, quiet, and friendly environment filled with some good vibes and vintage Irish charm....then stay with Teresa and Huey!1135 Teresa and her husband are incredibly nice people. We felt more than welcome at their place and were provided with a nice cup of tea and useful tips about Dublin upon arrival. The house and rooms are very cosy. The city centre is not so close, but public transport connections are fine (bus and tram stops closeby).1136 I had an absolutely fantastic time staying here. The host and her partner were lovely and very helpful. I was given very useful travel advice for arriving at her house from Dublin as well as advice on places to visit. The room was very clean and sheets immaculate. A great experience of Airbnb.1137 Teresa and her husband Hugh were lovely and accomodation. Helping us with our plans, advising on bus routes and tours was very helpful!<br/>Lovely little cosy home with beautiful garden out back for sitting and having a wine and a chat, cute little double room, very comfortable bed and nice and warm!!<br/>Would be happy to go back next time we are in Dublin.1138 We had a lovely time at Teresa's home. She was an excellent host. Teresa and her husband are very nice people, who will help with everything you need. The room was really cosy and comfortable, we felt like at home. If we will ever decide to go to the Dublin again, we would definitely choose to stay here.<br/>1139 Great hosts, nice room and very good location.<br/>The room was very tidy, comfortable and clean. Jose and Vadym were very welcoming and gave us great tips about the transport and city. The location couldn't be better just few steps from Fatima station. <br/>We definitely recommend Jose and Vadym accommodation.1140 We loved the apartment! Spacious bathroom and bedroom and very up to date.  The apartment is right next to the Luas (tram) which made getting around Dublin very easy!  Wonderful experience and I would highly recommend staying with Vadym and Jose!!1141 Great hosts, great location (6 tram stops from city centre), nice apartment with terrace. Warm hearted, open minded easy going guys. No remarks at all.1142 Super helpful and good directions. Good location near tram stop. Hosts were great about check in and check out times.1143 Jose&vadym were both great hosts. They give us good advices about place to visite and things to do.<br/>The room and private bathroom were clean. And the place was close to luas  station. It was a succesfull first airbnb experiment.1144 Jose & Vadym were very nice. Vadym gave me recommendations and directions of where to go and what to do. The house is accessible although the tram wasn't working while I was there because of the strike and then the bank holiday but it's just 15 minutes walk to Houston tram station and Guinness museum. The neighbourhood is really safe. If there's anything would make you book it would be to see and admire a masterpiece photo of Jose by Vadym in their living room. The photo is so pretty! and if you woke up in the middle of the night and can't get back to sleep just grab the Serendipity book beside the bed and start reading (Website hidden by Airbnb) so addictive! I wish that I've stayed longer.1145 Great place. Clean, cost, friendly. Close to Metro makes going in and out of the city a breeze.<br/>Can't rate highly enough and look forward to returning <br/>1146 Very good hosts. we spent a very enjoyable week. Jose and Vadym are very welcoming and very kind. The apartment is like the pictures and the neighborhood is very quiet.<br/>Thank you.1147 Jose&Vadym's place is very nice and quiet, well equipped and with a comfortable bed and private bathroom. Jose&Vadym were very nice and hospitable, gave useful information about public transport (they sent detailed instructions about how to get to the flat in advance) and were very accommodating, turning the heater on for me when it was chilly and being flexible with check in times. The flat is a little out of the city centre but is well connected by the tram.1148 Jose and Vadym are extremely nice hosts, very welcoming and set on making your stay a good one - make sure to follow their recommendations, they know the city well. <br/><br/>The room itself is small but very cozy and comfortable, it also includes a separate private restroom located across the hallway from the bedroom. Both rooms were perfectly clean and the restroom contained all the toiletries (and more) one might need during a trip. <br/><br/>The apartment is located relatively close to downtown but not really within walking distance (25-30 min walk from Temple Bar district, 35+ from Trinity College). The best way to get around is definitely to use the tram, 3 euros will get you a return trip to downtown. The tram is located right around the corner from the apartment, which is extremely convenient.1149 Amazing. Two great guys who really take care of their guests. From awesome directions, to coming to greet me when I'm too tired and jet lagged to understand the directions.  Right outside the luas although it wasn't running I was still close enough to city centre to get there within 15 minutes. <br/>The room was amazing. The bed was so comfortable with extra blankets if you needed it. Extremely clean and high standards but very relaxed1150 We had a really great stay in Dublin. The apartment is perfect, just like the pictures, clean and well decorated. It's really close to the city center, 20 minutes by walk or 10 minutes taking the tram (Luas) that is near the apartment. The neighborhood is really quiet. Jose and Vadym are great hosts, they take care of their guests, we felt very confortable and they gave us many suggestions to visit the city. Thank you guys!1151 José and Vadym were great hosts, very kind, hospitable and their place is great, clean and welcoming. I thoroughly recommend it. GREAT LOCATION AND EASY ACCESS to all the main attractions. I would definitely stay at their place again.1152 The hosts were very informative with their directions to their home. We had no trouble at all finding it! We exchanged keys and we came and went as we pleased. Everything was very clean and just as pictured in their ad. Also very friendly and knowledgeable of the area. Highly recommend!1153 My 2nd trip to Dublin/Ireland, my second time with José and Vadym and again everything was as it must be.The two are very friendly and take care that they like their guests with them, give tips, you have nice chats ... just completely uncomplicated.<br/> room, own bathroom, everything clean, Luas stop in front of the house, 2 stations up to Heuston (747 - Airport Connection) or a few more to the center or 25 minutes on foot.<br/> The 3rd time I will book my room again with the two.1154 Jose and Vadym were exceptional hosts - they greeted us when we arrived, gave us a tour of the apartment, and a set of our own keys. We very much enjoyed their company and very valuable tips on exploring Dublin. They even provided a power adapter for us to use to charge our phones. During our two night stay, we were able to come and go with ease as they are located in an adorable neighborhood RIGHT next to the metro. The room was very comfortable and the provided bathroom had every possible amenity. There were also maps and activity guides for all of Ireland, which helped us plan for our time beyond Dublin. Overall, a fantastic experience that felt like staying with friends. We would absolutely plan to stay with them again the next time we are in Dublin.1155 Jose & Vadym are such warm and welcoming hosts. We felt like we were staying with old friends. We felt so comfortable in their home and loved our nightly chats with them. They are very personable and have such entertaining stories to tell. The location is great and within walking distance of everything. We had a great stay in Dublin and can't wait to return!1156 I had a wonderful stay at Jose and Vadym's flat. They were both gracious and welcoming hosts. The flat was clean and very comfortable. They have thought of everything you may have forgotten to pack and have it available for you. It was also very nice to have use of a private bathroom. <br/>Although the flat is slightly outside the city centre, it was very accessible by public transport or you can have walk into town in about 20 minutes.<br/>I would highly recommend staying with Jose and Vadym if you are ever in Dublin. I hope I can stay with them again the next time I visit the city.1157 Jose and Vadym were wonderful hosts. Very welcoming and generous. Super easy to communicate with as well. The apartment was extremely clean and had great amenities. The location was very great as well, walking distance to the Guinness factory (and only a 20 minute walk downtown), and only a 2 minute walk to the light rail which can take you anywhere you need to go.<br/><br/>Highly recommended!1158 Jose and Vadym were great hosts, very courteous and helpful. At check-out time they even offered us to store our luggage at the apartment so we could roam the city for another few hours and pick it up later. <br/>The room was tidy with a comfortable bed and our own balcony.1159 Jose en Vadym are very friendly, they make you feel if it's your home too. Also they explained everything to do. The place easily can be found due to their route description. You can walk to the center but more easy is the tram it takes only a few stops til the heart of the center. We recommand their room because of our pleasant stay.1160 I never met Vadym but Jose was fantastic! The room and private bathroom were perfectly clean and exactly how they look in the pictures. Bed was super comfortable. Jose met us easily and gave us great directions and information prior to arriving and throughout our short stay. Everything about this Airbnb was perfect and I would definitely stay here again. Thanks Jose!1161 We found the place well, even though it is a little distant from the center.Communication with the host was going well.I was surprised that there is no breakfast included, we managed to deal with it ourselves.The room was small, but had access to the balcony.Very nice, clean.1162 Jose and his home were both fantastic! My boyfriend and I were traveling to Ireland from China, and Jose waited up for our late arrival. His home was clean and in a great location for a 5 minute walk to Guinness Storehouse. He had everything we needed (wifi, shampoo, coffee, etc) and even offered us breakfast each morning. We couldn't have asked for a better host and place to stay in Dublin! Highly recommend staying at Jose's home to anyone passing through Dublin-it was even better than some hotels! Thanks Jose! It was great meeting you!1163 At Vadym and Jose you feel very welcome.We received good information how to get to the Airbnb, and when the taxi driver could not find the address, we called Vadym who came to pick us up.<br/> Jose and Vadym are very warm, sweet hosts who give you the freedom to use their apartment and are interested in their guests and their well -being.<br/> The room is wonderfully quiet with its own balcony located on an inner garden.<br/> From the Airbnb you are at the Luas Tram line in a few minutes and you are in the center in 12 minutes.<br/> Anne and I want to thank Vadym and Jose very much for Hub Hospitality.1164 Jose and Vadym were amazing hosts with a great flat in dublin very close to the Luas. They were very friendly and welcoming and even gave us an umbrella <br/>1165 This was my third stay with Vadym and Jose and I will definitely stay with them if I ever have the opportunity to be in Dublin again. They are very gracious and do everything possible to make me feel comfortable. The apartment is beautiful and very well kept. The location is in a safe area and just around the corner from the commuter train that runs very regularly. They are just a short walk to the Guinness Storehouse where the "Hop on Hop Off" bus stops. I would not hesitate to recommend staying here for anyone visiting Dublin.1166 Two wonderful nights here. Everything is perfect. Vadym is very kind , Regarding the room, that is also super good, clean and comfortable. The decoration is very pretty. There is a big grassland nearby. The transportation is very convenient.Highly recommended.1167 Vadym and Jose were very welcoming and their home was beautiful. Located just a short walk from the city, it was an excellent place to stay.1168 Very grateful to José and Vadym, for his hospitality and kindness.The room and the house in general is impeccable.I would repeat your home again, guys.Thanks a lot for everything.Recommended 100 %<br/> <br/> José and Vadym are great and kind hosts.The House and The Room Are Vray Clan and Nice.I Hope Seeing You Again, You Guys!Thank you for Everything.I Recommend than 100 %1169 Vadym and Jose welcomed us with open arms, we felt very welcome from them and actually like at home.They were very helpful right from the start! <br/> Your home is very clean and really nice, and it is also centrally located, so that you are in the center with the Luas in just a few minutes. <br/> we should ever go back to Dublinwe will definitely go back to the two.A really great Airbnb experience!They are Both very nice and always Helpful! <br/> Their Home is very clean and tidy and real pretty as well.It's very close to the city centre, it only lass a couple of minutes with the luas to get there.It was a real great Airbnb Experience!1170 Excellent guys- excellent hosts! I would definitely suggest them A++1171 We stayed for 2 nights in Karins apartment and we couldn't have found a better place to stay. The apartment is beautifully furnished and you feel very welcome. Every piece of furniture is tastefully selected to give you the authentic georgian experience, coupled with modern commodities to enhance your stay. <br/>Karin was a perfect host, she took care of everything and was contactable at any time.1172 Karin was extremely accommodating and friendly. When we couldn't get the wifi working she lent us a remote connection which worked perfectly - that sort of service makes all the difference. We wanted to stay another few days but sadly, Karin was booked out.1173 Karin's studio was absolutely wonderful. Not only did we find the place to be unique and enjoyable to stay in, but Karin herself was quite lovely, and very helpful. She made sure to check in on us frequently and to see that we were well taken care of. We also loved that she provided some basic groceries, too, allowing us to make a simple breakfast every morning. I'd definitely recommend staying here.1174 Beautiful space, super comfy bed with white linen and Karin very kindly waited up to meet us after our late-evening flight. Wholeheartedly recommended.1175 Fantastic and charming, I spent a month here and was a nice time.<br/>Karen pay atención in any thing you could need. Handy of  north or south downtown walking.<br/>Great election.1176 This apartment is very spacious and is in a beautiful historic home. The attention to details is incredible. <br/>Karin is a wonderful hostess and made our stay in Dublin delightful. We wish we could have extended it. <br/>Its located on the edge of the historic city center. It is an easy walk to most sites and there are great restaurants nearby. <br/>1177 Very nice and cosy appartement. There's everything you need for a good stay. Karin is a great host, very friendly.1178 My friends and I stayed at Karin's for the weekend. Her place was exactly the same as the photos shown on the website and was well equipped; it even had a selection of DVDs to watch! Walking to the city centre only took around 10 minutes which was really covenient.  Would love to come back to stay at the studio again if we ever return to Dublin!1179 The Very Special Oval Georgian Studio certainly lived up to its name! I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. Karin was very welcoming and provided me with lots of information to help me make the most of my stay in Dublin. The apartment was very clean, well cared for and well located. The breakfast provisions, which were delicious, lasted me the 5 days of my stay. The shower recess was smallish but plenty of hot water and good pressure so I was very happy with that! The bed was quite low to the floor but this was not a problem for me.<br/>I was staying on my own and felt very safe in the apartment and the area. I would certainly recommend it to family and friends and given the opportunity would love to stay again!1180 Our stay with Teresa and Hugh was lovely and we could not have asked for a better experience. They both gave us honest advice about what to do and what not to do on our short trip to Ireland. We would highly recommend staying with them to anyone! And we both agreed that if ever make it back to Ireland we will be staying here again!1181 Teresa was very welcoming.1182 I enjoyed everything about my stay with Teresa in her lovely cottage. She and her partner went to great lengths to make my stay comfortable. Full of craic and advice, I found her to be a great personality, who respected my privacy.<br/><br/>The cottage itself was spacious, clean and tidy with great public transport links to the city centre , Church town and Dundrum.<br/><br/>There was a great selection for breakfast which including hot cross buns on one occasion, which I thought was a nice touch.<br/><br/>I found the back garden to be a beautiful and tranquil space to unwind when the weather permits.<br/><br/>Highly recommend staying at Holly Cottage!1183 Loved staying at Teresas place! Her and her husband were extremely helpful during our stay and the place was very well kept and cosy. Felt straight at home and the breakfast in the morning was a really nice addition. Easy tram or bus into the city centre, very comfy bed and lovely area. Highly recommend!1184 Teresa was a marvelous hostess. She's so generous with her hospitality and is just a lot of fun to talk to. She and her husband gave us wonderful recommendations for things to do while we were in the area, and really made us feel at home. Their house is beautiful and in a perfect location removed just a short bus ride away from Dublin itself. They provided us breakfast fixings every morning which were so wonderful, and gave us maps and information for day trips we were taking. I certainly would stay with them again!1185 Lovely! Vadym and Jose are the nicest persons I've ever met. They made sure I was comfortable and had everything I needed. They respected my privacy but also offered company if I wanted to. Their home is just lovely! Very tidy, comfortable and just a few mi nutes away from the center. All together, a wonderful experience!!1186 We have been 3 nights and it has been perfect.Vadym and José have been very friendly, they have given us indications to visit the city and even when we had a personal problem they helped us solve it.<br/> The room was very clean and very cozy.And from the apartment to the center you could get a walk in 20 minutes.<br/> It has been a great stay and we will repeat!1187 Vadym and Jose were very welcoming and it felt like a home from home. We had a lovely stay and would thoroughly recommend these fun guys.1188 Great hosts, knowledgeable about the area and very welcoming. Location is good, the building is across the street from the tram. Would definitely recommend staying with them and would do so again if I return to Dublin in the future.1189 My best airbnb experience ever!Great price for the offer!Perfect location,easy fast access to the city center,but also to St James hospital where I was working. Perfect venue for both a business trip but also to a romantic escape as the room is perfect for a couple as well. Beautiful house!!! Perfect room!!!The room is big and very well decorated with a private charming balcony. Private huge bathroom... The hosts are extreamly welcoming!!!Coffee and tea and simple breakfast was offered!!1190 These guys are very friendly.They help you in everything you want to know the city.His house is very beautiful.The host fourth has a great balcony that gives a large super quiet patio.1191 All very well.Excellent host.Very clean and all new room.Very close to the Tram and Barrio Quiet. <br/> to recommend and repeat.1192 Although it wasn't right in the centre of the Dublin, this wasn't a problem at all; the public transport was accessible and loads of things to do within walking distance (Guinness factory, museums etc) and the area was lovely and quiet! The apartment was perfect and the two hosts were so hospitable, delicious coffees made for us in the morning! Overall brilliant stay, thank you both!1193 So friendly and welcoming, finding the apartment and checking in was a breeze. Cereals, tea, coffee etc all included and lovely fluffy towels. Comfortable room, cosy and you have a balcony which is nice. Close to everything, great transport links and literally the cleanest place we've ever stayed. IMMACULATE. We will definitely come to stay again. 10/10!<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>1194 The blend of Russian humor and Portuguese wisdom along with Dublin's climate was good enough to make this trip a memorable one. With some initial hiccups during check-in, the trip was a complete pleasure. Vadym and Jose were quite helpful, open minded and cooperating. <br/><br/>The accommodation is located quite close to the sites such as Guinness Storehouse, National museum of Ireland, Christ Church Cathedral and many more. City centre is about 3 kms from the place, which was walkable for us.<br/> <br/>Room was nice, clean and tidy. Beds were comfortable provided with all the amenities required to deal with Dublin's weather. Bathroom was shining and was exceptionally good. Their flat is equipped with every modern gadget one can imagine for a comfortable stay. <br/><br/>You might get extra lucky if LINDA (The Cat) gives you a warm & welcoming gaze too.<br/><br/>Thanks to Jose and Vadym for your gestures and making my stay a comfortable one.1195 José and Vadym were really nice hosts. There is nothing I could complain about. They made me feel welcome from the very first moment and we had some great conversations. I'd love to meet them again someday...1196 Hospitality is great, very clean and a nice room with own bathroom!1197 Our stay with Teresa and Hugh was really nice. She's very helpful and kind and an excellent host. I couldn't ask for a better experience. She let our own privacy and helped us a lot with evertything we needed.<br/>The rooms are very cosy, clean and confortable. The place is really close to the bus stop and it's really easy to go to the center or to the Dundrum shopping mall. <br/> If we will ever decide to go to Dublin again, we would definitely choose to stay there.<br/>And of course...breakfast is awesome!1198 We had a really good time in Dublin. Teresa and her husband were so nice and gave us many tips what to do and where to go. Their house is lovely and we had everything we needed. The house is 6 km away from the city but the bus stop is 1 minunte away and there is also a tram station about 12 minutes away so it is very easy to get to the city. We really enjoyed our stay in Teresa's cottage!1199 What a lovely welcome to Ireland we had staying with Teresa. Room was perfect... Comfortable bed and spare cupboard space to spread out. Bathroom was very roomy and extremely clean.  Breakfast very satisfying with cereals toast and fresh preserves. Public transport options were numerous and very close walking distance. Thank-you for making our visit to Dublin so comfortable and relaxing Teresa.1200 We spent three nights at home Teresa and we have been very comfortable.Teresa is a very friendly, lovely person and always ready to help and she has advised us very well about what we could visit in 2 days.The very clean, comfortable place.Breakfast based on cereal and toast with jam with a delicious lemon jam.1201 Teresa was a wonderful host.  She was very helpful and accessible.  The provided breakfasts of toast and spreads, and cereals were nice.  We also enjoyed the smoking shelter in the back yard which we generally used as a relaxing place to enjoy our dinner (take out) when we returned in the evening.  The accommodations were nice, and food, shopping, and mass transit are within a reasonable walking distance.1202 We had a really nice stay with Teresa and Hughie . They were both very helpfull .<br/>We were very comfortable in the house and had everything that we needed . We enjoyed the breakfast everyday and the chats that we had with Teresa and Hughie .We had family and friends living in the area and it was very easy to get around with the local and city bus stops on the street outside and the luas ( tram ) service a short walk or bus ride away . The large shopping centre nearby is also a bonus . We would stay there again with Teresa and Hughie next time we visit Dublin .1203 Teresa and her husband, Hue, we're so kind and lovely to stay with. They have a sweet, tidy, clean home with a VERY comfy bed. Each morning they had a nice assortment set out for breakfast with new kinds of breads. They were both very welcoming, helpful and a joy to converse with. We we highly recommend them as a host home.1204 Teresa and her husband are great hosts. Her cottage was comfortable and easy to find. And I enjoyed very much the self serve breakfast they offered. They were very helpful with everything, and we got a wonderful taste of being local.1205 Teresa was very welcoming and helpful, my friend and I had a pleasant stay in her home and Dublin city!1206 Teresa was very welcoming and really went out of her way to facilitate my son and his friends. She was prompt with all communication and provided lots of helpful advice before their stay. <br/><br/>The boys reported that she was flexible and relaxed- they absolutely loved it!1207 Lovely cottage in a calm area!1208 Teresa and Hugh are very hospitable, dear people.You have done everything so that your guests can enjoy a nice stay.They are very helpful, with questions and problems you can contact the two hosts at any time.<br/> The house is clean and very cozy.Our room was small, but we liked it very much.The bed was very comfortable and equipped with a cozy blanket and 4 pillows.<br/> The guest bath was very clean and was kept clean every day.<br/><br/> The facility met the information.The WiFi worked great and was quick, although several guests and the home side used it.<br/><br/> In the neighborhood, several public transport runs with which you can quickly get into the city, the mountains or the sea.<br/> In addition, different restaurants, a pub and a large shopping center are available in 15 minutes (a bus also goes there, but since it drives an arch, you are not really faster).<br/><br/> It was a nice stay and we were very satisfied with our choice.1209 Very friendly recording, very helpful hosts.Very good breakfast, cozy, clean rooms, recommended.1210 We really liked staying with Teresa an Hugh. They're so welcoming and warm people who Help us with everything we needed!1211 We had the best stay in Dublin. Hugh and Teresa were the kindest hosts. The house was beautiful. It was a wonderful weekend getaway. We would definitely recommend it and would love to come back!1212 We were made most welcome. Our bedroom was small but nice and cosy. The bathroom was clean and there was plenty of hot water for our showers. In the morning we helped ourselves to the breakfast from the breakfast items on the trolley. As we were visiting family we actually spent very little time at Teresa's, leaving after breakfast and not returning until 10ish. It was an ideal place for us to stay being a very short drive away from family. Thank you Teresa for accommodating us as I know you were not planning on having guests so soon into the New Yeae.1213 Couldn't of asked for more! cwry welcoming and helpful hosts! Had. Brilliant knowledge of the area, local transport and things to do! Would highly recommend to anyone! Had a wonderful Ireland holiday! And can't wait To visit again!1214 This was a lovely place to stay, with good transport links. Would stay here again1215 Nice place1216 Room very comfortable and beautiful (including softening hair in the bath!) Vadym and Joseph were excellent hosts, very pleasant (email hidden by Airbnb) certainty, we recommend everyone to (Website hidden by Airbnb) Leap Card, the centerIt is located just 10 minutes.1217 The hosts were fantastic. Great communication and incredibly welcoming :) we felt very at home and had all the necessary facilities. Tips and advice given was accurate and very helpful. We would very much recommend staying here :) <br/>Thank you and all the best1218 We've had a really great time und Dublin. Jose an Vadym are both perfect hosts and very nice and friendly! We felt very welcome, thank u guys!1219 Vadym and Jose are outstanding hosts. Their home is beautiful, super clean, modern with all amenaties....even a terry robe! Public transport is one block away into center of town and Guiness Storehouse walking distance...don't miss it! Their place is a 5 star stay in all ways! Love Dublin!1220 Nice apartment and host, I had no problems at all. Would recommend any time.1221 The floor is very good, the perfect location.Very close to the tram.Vadym and Jose are very nice and explain everything necessary to move by Dublin. <br/>1222 My sister and I had a great stay at Vadym's and Jose's apartment. They were really kind and welcoming. The apartment was absolutely clean and we had enough towels for the shower. At day it was really easy to get to the city center by Luas (tram), about 2.90€/ride. In the evening it is quite difficult to get home because the Luas is out of order after 12 p.m., so we had to take a taxi after that time. The area around the apartment is really quite and clean, the building and the apartment seemed to be renovated only a few years ago. All in all we had a great stay and we can recommend it any time! Thank you a lot.<br/>1223 Very good location and lovely room. I would recommend and definitely stay again if I came to Dublin.1224 Everything was perfect; thank you both for the great accommodation!1225 Certainly one of the best places I've stayed. Warm. Clean and comfortable.1226 Journey to Dublin Magnificent!We stayed in the Vadym and Jose apartment!The apartment is very nice and clean!It is located in an easy position to reach from the airport and also to go to the center it is very comfortable !!!I absolutely recommend it !!!Jose very kind and helpful, Vadym unfortunately we couldn't meet him !!!See you soon guys !!!1227 Vadym and Jose were wonderful hosts. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay in their beautiful apartment. I would highly recommend this listing to anyone planning a visit to Dublin. Tip: If you're arriving to Dublin airport, be sure to follow the great travel advice in the description for getting into, and around the city.1228 Vadym's place was great. Really close to public transport which made getting around Dublin really simple and convenient. Vadym and Jose were great hosts, very warm and welcoming. I would definitely recommend their home to anyone wanting to move around Dublin.1229 Super nice hosts and very helpful1230 We absolutely loved staying with Jose and Vadym! They were super nice and fun to talk to! Their apartment was immaculate and had lots of amenities. I am very allergic to cats but their home was so clean I didn't sneeze one time from their beautiful cat Linda. That's saying a lot from me too! I would highly recommend this apartment. Great hosts!1231 Karin's lovely apartment was very comfortable and well equipped for our 2 night stay. Even though we flew into Dublin early in the morning,we were able to drop off our bags to start exploring the city. The apartment was only a short walk to O'Connell Street and the Temple Bar area. Karin was a great host providing us with lots of information of places to see and things to do. She kindly offered to do our laundry for €6, which she donated to charity. The only negative we found was that at night the locals could be quite rowdy. All in all our stay was very enjoyable.1232 This is a 'very special' apartment - it has all the modern comforts you could want plusthe elegance and charm of a stately Georgian house. Karin O'Flanagan is a great host. She made sure we had all we needed (including my low fat natural yoghurt!) and helped us with information about local shops, restaurants and cafes, as well as having multiple books and brocures about Dublin on hand. We had a car with us, but it was completely unnecessary for our short stay, as we could easily walk to most places from Mountjoy Square. We really enjoyed our Dublin stay.1233 Karin was a great host. She had great recommendations for what to do in the area. She was very helpful throughout our trip. Would definitely look her up if we make it back to Dublin.1234 Lovely all-in-one accommodation - tastefully decorated and real attention to detail.  Karin was very welcoming and helpful (coming home one night to her delicious banana bread was a real treat).  Would highly recommend.1235 We had a great stay and Karin was phenomenal with recomendations.  We went to a great bistro/pub that was superb and also she recomended a great market to visit just outside of the city.  <br/><br/>Would definetely go back1236 I stayed at Karin's place with my teenage daughter in October and found the flat really charming. Karin was a great hostess, so warm and helpful and a lot of fun to talk to. The flat is a 15-minute walk from the centre and we never used public transport. We loved Dublin, and the flat - and whole building - added to that special feeling of being in a place with a lot of character. We had to catch a really early flight home, but Karin got up to personally see us off at the bus stop and make sure that we got on the right bus to the airport! That was so kind of her, and we felt we were in good hands the whole stay. Quite imprtant for a mother and daughter on holiday..1237 We had a great time in this beautiful apartment - well furnished, comfortable, with many thoughtful additions to the flat to make it warm and welcoming.  Karin is a caring and approachable host.  We had an authentic experience in Dublin  partly thanks to this gorgeous apartment.  My only gripe is that we had no hot water for the duration of our stay (albeit for 15 minutes one morning which was bliss!) which in a cold October was tough to bear.  Otherwise, I would highly recommend a stay here.1238 Karin was a wonderful host.  The place was lovely, conveniently located, and she had lots of great tips and advice for things to do (and eat!) around town.  Would stay here again!1239 Do yourself a huge favor in life and stay here. It was the BEST experience I have ever had using airbnb. Staying at the Georgian studio is living in architectural heaven. My friend Emily and I stayed for four nights. Each night we made a fire and warm beverages before heading out to one of Karin's recommended pubs. Each morning we made a giant breakfast with the amazing goods Karin supplied for us. While the studio itself is incredible (immaculate, perfectly located, stunning, spacious) the most valuable part of staying here was the  advice given to us by Karin herself. She spent literal hours of her time helping us find the best of the best in Dublin. She takes pride in her city, knows its depth and has impeccable taste that made our experience one to remember. She also spent many hours doing research for us helping us get to our next place of destination. I have now been traveling all over Ireland with the help of Karin's expertise. I am very grateful to her and do not have enough good things to say about staying here. Needless to say, I shall be returning.1240 We had a fantastic time in Dublin, and much thanks to this great apartment. It was beautiful and had everything we could expect. We certainly enjoyed sitting in front of the fireplace with a glass of wine or Guinness. Karin was a great host!1241 Staying with Karin was simply awesome.  She went above and beyond my expectations by supplying food and giving me recommendations for things to do and see.  I will definitely stay with her again in the future.1242 Karin was a very thoughtful host. The fridge was filled with basics which allowed us to enjoy a rich breakfast after our first night in dublin. The furnishing of the apartment is very special. After long and exhausting shopping-trips we really enjoyed sitting in front of the feature fireplace!!<br/>The position of the building is fantastic. It didn't take us more than 15 minutes to reach the center of dublin.<br/><br/>We had a perfect stay at Karin's apartment and would love to come back!1243 The perfect little home from home in Dublin over Christmas. A beautiful Georgian building, with open fireplace and well equipped kitchen, even for cooking Christmas dinner. Great location with just a few minutes walk from O'Connell Street and the centre on Dublin, yet not too noisy and overlooking a lovely green square.<br/><br/>Karin our host was very welcoming and helpful; supplying us with bread, eggs, logs for the fire and a load of different DVD's to watch. All this made for a great stay in Dublin!1244 Both this property and our host, Karin, we're exceptional. The studio is beautifully decorated, spacious and is kitted out with everything you'll need to have a comfortable and enjoyable stay. <br/><br/>Karin was an exemplary host who has an encyclopaedic knowledge of Dublin. Her suggestions of sights to see and places to eat and drink we're all excellent and really enriched our trip. <br/><br/>We would highly recommend this property for anyone looking to stay in Dublin.1245 We stayed at Karin's studio apartment for two nights while in Dublin and our only regret is we didn't stay  longer.  The accommodations were everything she said they were:  breathtaking character, clean and conveniently located to everything in Dublin.  Karin herself was an exceptional hostess as she made prior arrangements in her absence for our arrival and had everything set to go then spent as much time w/us as needed to make our stay in Dublin as perfect as possible.  Her love for the city is apparent, her knowledge exceptional and her recommendations flawless.  With plans on being in Ireland for an extended holiday/business trip, we look forward to not worrying about where to to stay when in Dublin.1246 Karin is a superb hostess, very friendly, knowledgeable and went out of her way to be helpful .  The room was  superb and the open fire of an evening lovely in the depth of January. The  bed was very comfortable with  quality goose down quilt, 100%  cotton sheets the  antique furniture was all in nice condition with plenty of interesting reading matter available. The breakfast goods supplied all of the highest quality. The  property itself is magnificent built on a grand scale and sympathetically restored.    It is close to O'Connell Street , only  a few minutes walk from the airport bus at the terminal entrance and only two stops on the bus itself- so very quick.   A lovely experience I would be happy to do it again and recommend to all my friends.1247 Karin was a fantastic host - very nice and informative.  I very much appreciated that she took a great deal of time to suggest many things to do in my weekend in Dublin.  You can tell she knows and loves her city.  <br/>     The place was nice and clean and a good size.  I also very much appreciated that she offered some basic snacks (fruit, juice, bread, etc) for me as well.  <br/>     Also, I arrived early in the morning before the room was vacated by the previous guest and she was also very helpful in allowing me to drop by and store my luggage while I headed out to go sightseeing.  <br/>     I would definitely recommend this place to a friend.1248 Stayed four days in Karins very special indeed oval studio with my two girls aged 9 and 11 and had a lovely stay with Karin who knew exactly what *we* should do in Dublin. Spot on! Tha apartment itself is beautiful, with great attention given to tiny details such as  beautiful inlaid furniture and linen napkins. On arrival we were given a freshly baked banana bread to have with our breakfast - which she also provided for the first day. <br/>Having lived in Dublin I knew the area as a bit rough (early 1990-ties) but but it seems to have changed to the better and would not hesitate to stay there again. In fact I think neither I nor my girls would like to stay anywhere else in Dublin after this.1249 We had a wonderful stay here, the apartment is in a beautiful building and Karin has decorated it in excellent taste, making great use of the space so it feels a lot bigger than a studio.  Karin was very welcoming and little touches such as breakfast ingredients (homemade granola, yoghurt, fruit, soda bread, good coffee) and shower gel, shampoo etc were very welcome!  She also gave lots of handy local recommendations and checked everything was to our satistfaction. The kitchen is very well equipped and we loved the log fire, the gallery bedroom is cosy and comfortable.  All was clean and tidy and the street isn't noisy at night.  While Mountjoy square isn't one of the most fashionable locations in town, taxis are so prolific and cheap (our longest wait was just under 60 seconds) that we just hopped in a cab to go out in the evening and did the short walk into town during the day.<br/>Would definitely recommend - if in Dublin we will certainly want to stay here again!1250 I had a lovely stay! The apartment is exactly as pictured. It is charming, comfortable, and in a good location. Karin was attentive and incredibly helpful. I highly recommend Karin and her Georgian studio apartment. I look forward to staying here again.1251 Staying at Karin's place was perfect for my family.  Karin was a great host from the beginning of our stay and our early arrival all the way until assisting us with our luggage as we left.  Upon arrival we had no phone so she loaned us her as well as her iPad to get things situated with our phone.  The place was perfect for my family and Karin's willingness to allow my family to stay there made our trip easily manageable.  Her communication before and after our stay was spot on and I will look to rent this place again if we return to Dublin.1252 We had a lovely time in the Oval Georgian Studio in Dublin.  Karin was a lovely hostess.  It is a great location and very clean.  I give it a very positive recommendation.1253 Karin is an amazing host! I love her passion for Dublin. She shared with us information on what was playing in the theater and Irish fashion designers. Her place was absolutely beautiful! The apartments look just like their pictures. Wifi was provided and each morning she had fresh granola, bread and eggs ready for us. She told us about the local market so we had some fresh veggies and fruit available as well. The location is amazing, it's about a 10 minute walk to O'Connell street where you can catch the hop off hop on bus tours. I highly recommend anyone staying in Dublin to check into one of Karin's apartments. And if you get the chance go across the street to Hills 16 the local pub. While there we stopped in one night, shared amazing stories with a local couple and ended up playing bingo too! Great memories :)1254 Staying in this beautiful Georgian Studio really made us feel like royals! The high and decorated ceiling, the old furniture and the cozy fireplace made this apartment unlike anything we've stayed in before. The location was also great, it took us about 10 minutes to get to the river Liffey and Temple Bar. <br/>It's also true what the other guests write about Karin: she's an excellent host and gave us many insider tips about Dublin (even though she's was feeling ill!). We would definitely stay here again, highly recommended!1255 3 nights stay in the Oval Georgian Studio of Karin was an unforgettable experience for me and my family. Architecture, decoration, books, cake, films, flowers, fireplace and hospitality were all very elaborate and Irish. Thanks Karin that she helped us in every issue from checkin-checkout to great reccomendations about the city, from firelog aid for the fireplace to dvd's for my son. No need to say that the room was the same as in the pics and it was more clean and quite than you could expect.1256 A charming address in the Dublin Georgian with colorful doors!The welcome from Karin was exceptional: his good addresses, the local pub at 110 beers to taste, the small restaurants, and the shops of Irish creators, had no secrets for us!As for the apartment, what can I say?The pictures speak for themselves !!!It was a magical stay at the height of this fabulous country.1257 Teresa and Hugh were great hosts for our stay, Hugh even gave us a lift to the train. The room we stayed in had the most comfortable double bed, which was great to fall into after a full day on the town.1258 Teresa's place is neat, quiet, and clean. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay there. Yes, it is quite small, but I didn't need much space, and it is obvious from the description and pictures that it will be small, so no complaints here.<br/>The only tiny issue is that you really have paper-thin walls between the rented out rooms, and do hear everything from the other guests. But that's hardly the host's fault and your mileage may vary depending on who the other guests were.<br/><br/>This place gets a clear recommendation from me!1259 Feel at home1260 Very nice apartment, lovingly equipped and decorated.There was a bus stop right on the doorstep, it was only about 15 minutes on foot to the tram. <br/> also a very nice reception and extensive information about the city etc. of Teresa and her husband.1261 Teresa's place would be ideal for people who would prefer (like us) a quiet place for the night after a noisy and a busy day in the city. Very comfortable bed too in a nice cozy room. The area (beautiful neighborhood) is really well connected to the city center and you can get Leap Card for 1, 3 or 7 days which cuts down the costs for public transport and you can travel from-to the airport and around Dublin as much as you want. I loved talking to Teresa - she is a lovely and intelligent person and a great host too, making you feel like at home. She was also very good at providing us, in advance, prior of our visit, with detailed information on how to get to her place and with recommendations what to visit in Dublin and around.1262 Teresa & Hugh are very friendly and informative. Their house is located near public transportations and a walking distance to 2 big shopping malls. Recommended to those who are looking for quiet and suburb neighborhood.1263 Teresa and her husband were incredible hosts. The cottage is lovely and located right next to a bus stop to take you into town. I couldn't recommend their place more!1264 Teresa's cottage was wonderful. It was very clean and tidy. It is very easy to get from the city centre and vice versa, as the bus stop is just a minute's walk from her , different touristic destinations also recommended some tours. They were very informative. On the plus side they also providew breakfast! I highly recommend booking  Teresa's cottage.1265 Teresa and Hugh are perhaps the nicest hosts I've ever stayed with! They provide you with detailed information about how to get to and from the city center, as well as great suggestions for attractions (I highly recommend taking the dart out to the sea village of Howth!). The room was clean, and the kitchen was stocked with a great spread of breakfast items. While this house is a little farther out from the city center, public transportation is super close and easy to navigate. My partner and I enjoyed heading into the city and then returning to Teresa and Hugh's house where things were a little more laid back. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!1266 Very tmible cottage with small rooms and located outside the center - very quiet with very good traffic connections!Really nice and helpful host.We recommend.1267 It is very nice location, people and comfort bed. Easy to go by train to Dublin (with luas 15 min.). Tereas helps every time. Thanks1268 Teresa's place was absolutely adorable! Very comfortable and cozy, with exceptional hosts! Just outside of Dublin, it was a very easy 15min trip via bus or tram to the center of Dublin. There was also a very lovely shopping center and collection of restaurants within a 5min walk, and the neighborhood was very calm and quiet. Very easy to travel around and navigate without a car. I'm 6 months pregnant, and even so, everything was a very easy trip from their house. Teresa and her husband were amazing hosts and made us feel very welcome and at home. They gave us great directions and tips for things to do, as well as being great conversation over a cup of tea. We very much hope to stay here again for future trips!1269 Teresa and her husband are the best hosts we had.10 stars for them.From the first minute they made us feel at home.Teresa went to look for the Dundrum bus stop.They received us with Cotillon from San Patricio.They gave us very good recommendations.They are loving, friendly, nice.The best people in Ireland.We felt very comfortable, they were very attentive, the room is beautiful and its house is very warm.Breakfast is unbeatable.Cleaning is perfect.THANK YOU!!!!They made our stay in Dublin a lovely experience.We hope to come back soon!1270 Teresa and her husband are absolutely amazing hosts! Her home is beautiful, it made us feel at home (super comfy beds!) We arrived a little later than expected and they welcomed us with open arms. Close to public transportation that drops you off directly in the downtown area of Dublin. The complementary breakfast was amazing especially, if you love jellies and jams like we do!1271 Our hosts were very hospitable.  They made sure to help us in any way that they could.  Being it our first time to use airbnb, they went above and beyond all our expectations.  Giving us information on the weather and how to navigate the area properly was also very helpful.  If they gave us any instructions, they made sure to do it to a "T".  Their house was tiday, the Bedroom was well tended to, and our breakfasts each morning were wholesome.  All in all, our first experience makes us want to explore airbnb more.  Thanks go out to Teresa and her husband for helping to make our first stay on our Honeymoon memorable!1272 The accommodation somewhat outside the city center is well developed by bus and tram.It has a parking space for cars.The hosts are a very friendly, helpful and open -minded couple.The accommodation is clean and everything is ready for breakfast to make yourself.The accommodation can be highly recommended.1273 Everything was as described, although we arrived later, this was not a problem.Very nice and everything is very clean only to be recommended1274 Transportation was good with a bus right out front, and faster train 10 to 15 walk away, nice kitchen and back garden to enjoy breakfast or evening  drink , Teresa was always asking us if we needed anything1275 We enjoyed our stay inTeresa's home. Comfy bed, good selection of breakfast foods and easy bus connection to downtown. Nice to be able to relax in their lovely private back yard. <br/>Friendly helpful hosts.1276 Teresa and her husband are wonderful and very nice hosts.A short walk can be achieved well with public transport and thus the city center.There is also a city center in Dundrum itself by there are many localities!The other visitors to the Holy Cottag were very nice and always for a little conversation!If there were any questions, Teresa were always very helpful!It is definitely worth a trip :)1277 Peace and quite a pleasant place with great transport into the city ( trams great)1278 We had a great time staying at Teresa’s place. It had everything we needed, great location and we were left to our own devices for the weekend. Highly recommended.1279 Theresa and her husband are very warmhearted and friendly hosts for a bed and breakfast stay in dublin. A bit outside the Center but easy to go by Tram or Bus. Lidl and other Shops, also a few Restaurants are close by. Highly recommend!1280 Teresa was very helpful and friendly, great location if you are staying near Dundrum.1281 The friendliest hosts your likely to meet,warm and genuine with a lovely home and garden to match. Great location for anyone visiting the city with Luas nearby as well!1282 Teresa and her husband are wonderful hosts. They are super friendly and make you feel at home as soon as you walk through the door. There is a spacious kitchen with a lovely view into the garden. It's a 10 minute walk to the Luas (=Tram), which will take you to the centre in 12 minutes. If you don't want to walk, you can also take the bus that stops infront of the house. Dundrum is a nice and quiet neighbourhood with a big shopping centre you can easily reach on foot.1283 Despite our late arrival due to a 5 -hour delay at Térésa airport warmly welcomed us.Perfectly clean accommodation, nice kitchen with all you want for breakfast.The House.Is not in the center of Dublin but it is easily accessible thanks to the Luas 10min from walking.Térésa does not hesitate to come to you in order to exchange and give you the best advice for your visit to Dublin and Ireland in general.Thank you again to her and her husband for this great stay1284 We had the  wonderful opportunity to stay at  a very special Oval Georgian Studio for 2 nights while visiting Dublin - I cannot think of any better accommodations that we could have enjoyed.<br/>The  cozy studio had all modern amenities - with original 15 ft ceilings and  wonderful 10 foot  windows allowing  plenty of light -<br/>Location was excellent - we rented a car upon leaving the city and walked easily to the city center and beyond - <br/><br/>Karin gave us wonderful advice  concerning places to eat , pubs with original Irish music, museums to visit etc. I just wish we had more time to explore!<br/><br/>I highly recommend her studio, it accommodated  three of us nicely. She even made a recommendation on the Dingle Peninsula  that we ended up visiting as well!<br/><br/>Karin is a native of Dublin, knows her city intimately and has restored her Georgian building with the utmost of care.<br/><br/>1285 The appartment is superb and very confortable. The location is most convenient and overall Karin is sharing her knowledge of her town with so much passion that we fall in love with Dublin. Her advices were of very good value. She provided such a welcome we were quite astonished.  Again the house and appartment is wonderful, we will come again for sure .1286 Karin's hospitality and advice was outstanding which added to our happy visit to Dublin. The Georgian apartment was well equipped, cosy and of course charming. Why would you ever stay in a hotel when you can have your very own Georgian experience in Dublin .1287 Great location! We were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go during our stay. The apartment was clean and very nice.  One word of advice, if you want hot water you need to make sure you turn the heat/water thermostat on to let the water tank heat up.<br/><br/>Karin was very accommodating and we would recommend the apartment to anyone. <br/>1288 Karin is a gracious and warm host who has lived in Mount Joy Square neighborhood for many years, and it was a pleasure talking with her. Nothing beats the advice of a local and all her recommendations from restaurants to site seeing were spot on! The Georgian apartment was as charming as depicted in the photos, but was also outfitted with modern comforts such as a fully equipped kitchen and renovated bathroom. I was concerned about the hot water system, but Karin explained it in detail, and we did not have to worry about adjusting the system because we had enough hot water for our showers (which were a good pressure btw.). Karin also generously provided fruit, home-made granola, Irish breakfast tea and other goodies for breakfast and was available in the building in case we needed anything. We wish we could have enjoyed this gorgeous studio for more than just 2 days!1289 Stay here!!! Fantastic location, amazing host, absolutely beautiful places and delicious breakfast included!!! Thank you for a wonderful stay!!!1290 We had an excellent experience in the Oval Georgian Studio!!! The apartment is beautiful and very comfortable! The must is the cosy fire place!!! And Karin is a perfect host: she's a charming and interesting person and she had plenty of things to learn us about Dublin! In conclusion the Oval Studio is the best place to stay in Dublin!1291 We had a great time in Dublin. Karin was a great host. The place is so cool that during our stay even a movie scene was taken in the other (identical) Studio.<br/>The only downside was that it was a bit more walking than expected - but with all the good food in Dublin that was maybe even very much needed :-)1292 Karin's flat was quite lovely. We arrived and picked up the keys with no problem. The flat was clean, and it was just as it was described online. It was conviently located to the city center, major attractions and right in front of the bus stop to the airport. We had a great stay and can definitely recommend!1293 Good starting point for a tour through Dublin. Vadym and Jose are very nice and always have an open ear for questions. <br/>The information they sent us before our trip were very helpful.<br/>Absolutely recommendable.1294 Very close to public transportation, which was great!1295 Vadym and Jose were amazing hosts. Very helpful and incredibly hospitable. They offered suggestions on where to go in Dublin and how to get around the city. Their place was immaculate and exactly as described. The tram stop is a minute walk if that from their place and takes you downtown Dublin easily. I would happily stay here again and highly recommend Vadym and Jose's place!1296 The room was lovely and the whole apartment was spotless. The hosts couldn't have been more welcoming, making us really feel at home, giving us advice on good places to go and directions to get places. We tried a restaurant that they suggested which was amazing. Such a lovely stay, if ever came to Dublin would definitely stay here again1297 Convenient, quiet accommodations in a lovely apartment. We wished we could have stayed longer!1298 A very cozy place, with very attentive hosts! <br/> The house is not in the center, but the tram is at the door and walking is very good.I would repeat with them, of course!1299 The room and all the spaces of the apartment are flawless. Vadym & O Jose is besides friendly and <br/> helpful, excellent people.1300 I had a wonderful stay with Jose and Vadym. They were helpful and accommodating. Everything was just as they said in their listing. The room was very clean and extremely quiet. There's a convenient cafe just downstairs where you can grab a quick breakfast.<br/><br/>Overall, it was a very pleasant stay and I wouldn't hesitate to go back.1301 Vadym and Jose have a really nice place and you are welcome like friends.<br/>Vadym make us delicious gluten free cake. He suggest us to use the place as it is ours.<br/>Really great days.<br/>The apartment is really close to the tram. You can visit all dublin by public transport.<br/>They gave us good advice to visitbthe city,  free tour for Dublin Castle, free museum...<br/>Really great<br/>We will come back!!1302 Very clean and tidy room in a location only 5 minutes on the tram from Dublin City centre 👍🏼 Vadym and Jose are really nice guys and are happy to help with any queries you might have. For the price, I'd highly recommend.1303 Vadym's and Jose's place is a great place to stay in Dublin. It's close to the tram which will get you closer to the city centre, and their home is located close to the Guinness Storehouse, which you should not miss! The place was comfy, the bed was great, the room very spacious and they had great wi-fi too. Vadym and Jose were really great hosts, although Vadym had to leave, Jose helped me a lot with suggestions and advices on how to move around and what to see, he was also, very friendly and welcoming. There's no doubt that this is a great place to stay in Dublin!1304 The place is better than the photos, very nice and clean.<br/> They received us very kindly and indicated data about the city.<br/> We recommend it 100%1305 Amazing Host. Wonderful stay. Recreation center and cafe next door. Within walking distance of all of Dublin's major sites.1306 Great place, great people. Loved it!1307 We had a fantastic stay at Vadym and Jose's place. We were only in Dublin for a short visit, but Jose was very kind, friendly, and helpful (we unfortunately didn't have the chance to meet Vadym, as he was out of town). The building was quiet and very close to the Luas tram station, which made getting into the city centre a breeze! We would definitely recommend this place to other travellers!1308 The flat was very clean and tidy,  great location just in front of the tram stop. Jose and Vadym are great hosts. Highly recommend1309 Vadym and Jose were wonderful hosts and very helpful! Very nice room and close to public transportation to get around Dublin1310 An absolutely positive experience from the first communication to the end of the trip.Vadym sent me tips for the arrival and shortly before arrival there was another agreement on how to get to the apartment, which I found very personable and helpful.The location of the apartment is cheap, the tram is almost around the corner and you are also on foot after 15 minutes in the city center.Vadym and Jose are both totally friendly and helpful and we felt very welcome to the two - we could even wash our laundry, thanks again;) <br/> absolutely recommended. <br/>1311 Vadym was very nice and welcoming, if we are to go back to Dublin we'll  definitely try to go back to his place.1312 Vadym was amazing as a host. The places is beautiful and comfortable! We will def coma back. He was kind, gaved us a lot of tips and open to help all the time. We had an excellent time!1313 This has been my 4th stay at Vadym's home and I look forward to more stays in the future if I am blessed enough to return to Ireland. I have always felt very welcomed and at home.  Being a single adventurer, I am careful about where I stay. Vadym's is located centrally for transportation and I have found that parking is convenient. Vadym is a very gracious host and we have had many very interesting conversations. He is truly a "Super Host".1314 Vadym is a gentleman who came down to bring us up to his place when we reached the area around 11pm as the area was very quiet. The Tram Station to the city centre is only a 2-3mins walk. Vadym went out of his way to get my lost phone which I dropped in the taxi to his place. He is such a kind and friendly host, will definitely choose his place when I visit Dublin again.1315 Vadym's place was lovely and very close to public transportation. He was super friendly and was easy to reach if I needed anything. I definitely recommend staying here!1316 Very nice place to visit Dublin. A Little Walk to the center, but not too long. The room is comfortable and Vadym and Jose are very nice.1317 10 min walk away from Guinness storehouse where you can take hop on/off bus, tram stop opposite apartment and made to feel very welcome by a great host in a clean, tidy apartment.1318 Nice place, friendly hosts, good connection to the city (red line), uncomplicated1319 The room and bathroom are clean and it is a very cozy apartment.They are very friendly.The only bad thing is that it is a bit away from the center to walk, but it is right next to the Guinness factory.1320 Perfect place for exploring Dublin with friendly hosts.1321 we stayed 2 nights at vadyms and joses apartment and had a great time. <br/>everything was more then we expected, the room was very clean and comfortable, the bed was super comy. we really liked our own bathroom it was super tidy. our host were so nice and lovly, they helped us with everything. the next tram is just a view minutes around the corner and it takes you to the city center, we even walked the 30 min there. we highly recommend staying here because it's close to city center but in a quiet area.1322 Very pleasant, I recommend for any stay in Dublin!1323 Very nice cottage, lovely hosts1324 Teresa is a wonderful person. She has so many contacts and advice.  The place has really good transports links and is very nice. <br/>It's very good to meet other people from other countries coming to Dublin. <br/>The breakfast is good too.1325 Hose & Vadym were perfect hosts for our 2 nights in Dublin. Hose gave us our own key so we were able to come and go as we pleased which was fantastic. The apartment block is right next to the Fatima tram stop which made traveling into Dublin city centre stress free, only €4.80 for a day return ticket. The room itself was very clean and has its own balcony, private bathroom also very clean with a good shower. Overall very comfortable stay would recommend!!1326 There is no better place to stay in all of Dublin, I am certain. Vadym and Jose were by far the kindest hosts we have ever had the pleasure of staying with. Not only was the place central, easily accesible, extremely clean, beautiful and comfortable, they make you feel so welcome you won't want to leave! Don't look any further. Thank you both, we hope to see you again very soon!1327 Vadym and Jose were wonderful hosts-very welcoming! Everything was clean, the bed was comfy, and the patio was wonderful! Highly recommend1328 The property is approx. 2.5 km away from the city center Dublin.The room was really cozy, bright and calm.WiFi and coffee machine worked great and the hosts were always ready for entertainment.Otherwise the accommodation of the description and the vote regarding the arrival and departure was very simple and it was always answered quickly.Highly recommended for a (short) visit to Dublin.1329 Jose & Vadym are really nice! Thema check in was easy and Thema apartment easy to find (with the Pictures!). We traveled by luas everytime we went to city centre, Temple Bar or back.1330 Thank you Vadym for letting us stay in your place while we visited Dublin. It was very close distance via tram to the city centre.1331 Vadym and José were friendly and informative. They did everything possible to make our stay in Dublin a memorable one. Thanks guys!1332 The accommodation of Vadym and José was just great for our short dublin stay (3 nights).Although it is not directly in the city center, you can still reach a lot on foot.The apartment is very clean and tidy.You don't notice anything from the city noise.In addition to our own room, we also had a large bathroom for our own use.José was very warm, gave us Dublin tips and was always open to a conversation (Vadym was not there during our stay).We can only recommend the accommodation!1333 We had a very good WE at Vadym and José: 2 pleasant, simple and welcoming artists ... We quickly feel at home and they are always ready to do service with conviviality and discretion ... Thank you to them.1334 Vadym and Jose were the perfect hosts during our recent stay in Dublin ( Sep /17 ). They have a lovely apartment near the Fatima tram( LUAS ) stop. <br/><br/>They  were the perfect hosts and they made our stay in Dublin truly memorable. <br/>We had excellent instructions on how to get to their place; equally importantly, Jose came across the moment we let him that we had arrived at the Fatima tram stop and guided us in. Much appreciated.<br/>Thoughtful touches like offering us the use of the umbrella, adaptor plug and permitting us to leave the luggage when we went on the day we were checking made it all very special for us .Must also mention that I had endless cups of coffee using the coffee maker... Jose very kindly helped me over the mysteries of operating it :-)<br/>We also appreciated the many conversations we had with both Vadym and Jose on topics of mutual interest. <br/>Would be very happy to recommend them to our friends when ever any of them  plan to visit Dublin<br/>Shekar<br/>( Chandrasekaran )1335 Jose and Vadym are experts at hosting! They are thoughtful and kind!1336 It was really great for the two!Everything was very clean and tidy! <br/> We would be happy to come back to you !!1337 The stay with Vadym and Jose was very, very good!We were very warmly welcomed by the two and the apartment was shown to us.We had a room for 2 people and our own bathroom with shower.The apartment was very clean and was very stylish.We were allowed to use the kitchen and the living room completely.<br/> Immediately after our check-in we drank a tea and the two marked us all noticeable points in Dublin on a card.We also received clues in which attractions too much money is required for too little performance.The tips were incredibly helpful and at this point I would like to thank you again.The apartment has a very good location and you are on foot in the city center within 15 minutes.It was very nice that the two always took a lot of time for us.The two are incredibly great hosts and I can only recommend a visit to Dublin with Vadym and Jose.:-)1338 Everything as described;No complaints.Very friendly hosts;Location calm and therefore a little outside.10 minutes with the tram and 35 minutes on foot to the city center.Very suitable as a starting point!1339 Stayed for two nights. Clean, compfy and quiet location. Everything as described.1340 Jose and Vadym’s place is very convenient and accessible from the airport, and to Dublin City Centre. Their apartment is very clean and neat. The room is of a very comfortable size and there is even a balcony attached! They even provide additional blankets and pillows just in case guest require additional amenities.<br/><br/>They are wonderful hosts and I highly recommend their apartment for travelers looking to put up in Dublin! Thank you for the wonderful stay!1341 This place was exactly what I needed for my long weekend in Dublin! I'm a solo female traveler and usually stay in hostels but was craving some quiet, and his place really delivered. Sooo comfy and quiet and location is perfect (a 2 min walk to the tram that takes you straight to the center). They were so kind and helpful too. Thank you guys!!1342 Vadym was a great host. He went out of his way to accommodate us. The apt. was clean and neat and well equipped. Though out from Dublin center, there was a tram stop a block away. Also enjoyed a restaurant for breakfast across the way.1343 The apartment was lovely, the kitchen well equipped including organic eggs, milk, bread, butter and jams, the bed was comfortable. We are happy walkers and walked our way across Dublin.1344 Karin was incredibly helpful in providing us with advise and suggestions on things to do and places to eat during our 2 day stay in Dublin, which really helped us get the best out of it.<br/> Accommodation is quite conveniently placed for seeing the sights, and well equipped  with everything you could need, and comfortable  for a short stay. <br/>Feel obliged to  highlight that the Ceiling of bedroom mezzanine floor  is a little low for some (such as 6ft3 husband), and space managed  well through use of low (futon style) bed.<br/>1345 The actual room was exactly as the pictures showed. Our hosts were extremely accommodating and friendly. Our lodging was within easy walking distance of the city and it's attractions, and the public transport was easy for those things not easily walked. The kitchen was well supplied. Would heartily recommend this choice for anyone coming to Dublin looking for a central location.1346 I recommend this apartment very highly. It's a really beautiful room in a lovely building, with a sweeping Georgian staircase. It's a great size for two people and we could have happily stayed there longer without ever feeling cramped. The kitchen is really well equipped, and the living area is very comfortable and cosy, as is the bed. There was bread, marmalade, juice, butter, eggs, milk, tea and coffee on arrival - a really thoughtful touch which helped us to settle in. Everything is absolutely spotless and arrival and departure were really smooth and helpful. <br/><br/>My one tip would be to bring a dressing gown - I usually don't when I'm travelling and there is an absolutely huge and very gorgeous window which made me worry that the residents of Mountjoy Square would get more than they bargained for! <br/><br/>Like other former Dublin residents, I had my doubts about the area, but it was completely unproblematic. Everyone was really friendly, we had some nice walks into town and jumped into one of the area's plentiful taxis when we were tight for time. We'll be back. <br/>1347 Teresa and Hugh were great! The home is exactly as described, our bed was nice and comfy, and we had some very convenient touches provided like usb charge ports and the use of a converter. As soon as we arrived, we got a wonderful detailed rundown of the place, things to do, and transit. Overall, it made for a lovely stay and a good jumping off point to explore Dublin and the surrounding areas.1348 Top location, stylish home, marvelous breakfast buffet, great hospitality and wonderful hosts! I have now words to explain how great it was! I really didn´t expected it to be so good. We are so grateful and we can only recommend Teresa & Hughie1349 Teresa’s home was great for the weekend! A little far from the city center, but not too far of a walk from the tram station; she provided excellent instructions to help find it. Wonderful breakfast, and very comfortable accommodations. Quiet and safe neighborhood - 2 girls in our 20s, felt perfectly safe walking to and from public transportation late at night. She had no problem with us coming and going late at night as well; she gave us our own key to get in and out of the house and the room.1350 Excellent for a short trip to Dublin. The city center is easily reachable via Tram. Teresa is a friendly and helpful host, our room was warm and cozy.1351 Wonderful hosts to stay with outside of Dublin! Great hosts that are very informative and friendly.1352 We had a wonderful time at the Georgian Studio. Although the owner was out of town, her family members met us at the door and provided helpful information about the area and the apartment. The studio was perfect for our small family of two adults and one 8 year old child. It is about a 10 minute walk to the River and even closer to a great restaurant district with Asian cuisine.1353 We loved our stay in Karin's oval Georgian studio. Karin met us with a bottle of Prosecco and some home-made cordial. We felt as if we were staying with an old friend who was glad to see us. The room is gorgeous. There's everything you could possibly need for cooking and a nice vegetable market 2 minutes away. We never took taxis or trains, since anything we wanted to do was an easy walk, even though Mountjoy Square seems a bit out of the centre. Karin was incredibly knowledgeable about Dublin and Ireland. We took every one of her recommendations, including a daytrip on the DART train to the seaside town of Greystones, which allowed us to see why the air rings with the cries of gulls. It is a delightful surprise to walk from the street into the elegance and peace of this beautifully decorated house. It was everything we expected it to be. We were there in a heatwave, but someday I'd love to be there in cold mist, with a fire on the grate. We had lovely times sipping wine with Karin in the long, long Dublin dusk. Highly recommended.1164 Jose and Vadym were amazing hosts with a great flat in dublin very close to the Luas. They were very friendly and welcoming and even gave us an umbrella <br/>1165 This was my third stay with Vadym and Jose and I will definitely stay with them if I ever have the opportunity to be in Dublin again. They are very gracious and do everything possible to make me feel comfortable. The apartment is beautiful and very well kept. The location is in a safe area and just around the corner from the commuter train that runs very regularly. They are just a short walk to the Guinness Storehouse where the "Hop on Hop Off" bus stops. I would not hesitate to recommend staying here for anyone visiting Dublin.1166 Two wonderful nights here. Everything is perfect. Vadym is very kind , Regarding the room, that is also super good, clean and comfortable. The decoration is very pretty. There is a big grassland nearby. The transportation is very convenient.Highly recommended.1167 Vadym and Jose were very welcoming and their home was beautiful. Located just a short walk from the city, it was an excellent place to stay.1168 Very grateful to José and Vadym, for his hospitality and kindness.The room and the house in general is impeccable.I would repeat your home again, guys.Thanks a lot for everything.Recommended 100 %<br/> <br/> José and Vadym are great and kind hosts.The House and The Room Are Vray Clan and Nice.I Hope Seeing You Again, You Guys!Thank you for Everything.I Recommend than 100 %1169 Vadym and Jose welcomed us with open arms, we felt very welcome from them and actually like at home.They were very helpful right from the start! <br/> Your home is very clean and really nice, and it is also centrally located, so that you are in the center with the Luas in just a few minutes. <br/> we should ever go back to Dublinwe will definitely go back to the two.A really great Airbnb experience!They are Both very nice and always Helpful! <br/> Their Home is very clean and tidy and real pretty as well.It's very close to the city centre, it only lass a couple of minutes with the luas to get there.It was a real great Airbnb Experience!1170 Excellent guys- excellent hosts! I would definitely suggest them A++1171 We stayed for 2 nights in Karins apartment and we couldn't have found a better place to stay. The apartment is beautifully furnished and you feel very welcome. Every piece of furniture is tastefully selected to give you the authentic georgian experience, coupled with modern commodities to enhance your stay. <br/>Karin was a perfect host, she took care of everything and was contactable at any time.1172 Karin was extremely accommodating and friendly. When we couldn't get the wifi working she lent us a remote connection which worked perfectly - that sort of service makes all the difference. We wanted to stay another few days but sadly, Karin was booked out.1173 Karin's studio was absolutely wonderful. Not only did we find the place to be unique and enjoyable to stay in, but Karin herself was quite lovely, and very helpful. She made sure to check in on us frequently and to see that we were well taken care of. We also loved that she provided some basic groceries, too, allowing us to make a simple breakfast every morning. I'd definitely recommend staying here.1174 Beautiful space, super comfy bed with white linen and Karin very kindly waited up to meet us after our late-evening flight. Wholeheartedly recommended.1175 Fantastic and charming, I spent a month here and was a nice time.<br/>Karen pay atención in any thing you could need. Handy of  north or south downtown walking.<br/>Great election.1176 This apartment is very spacious and is in a beautiful historic home. The attention to details is incredible. <br/>Karin is a wonderful hostess and made our stay in Dublin delightful. We wish we could have extended it. <br/>Its located on the edge of the historic city center. It is an easy walk to most sites and there are great restaurants nearby. <br/>1177 Very nice and cosy appartement. There's everything you need for a good stay. Karin is a great host, very friendly.1178 My friends and I stayed at Karin's for the weekend. Her place was exactly the same as the photos shown on the website and was well equipped; it even had a selection of DVDs to watch! Walking to the city centre only took around 10 minutes which was really covenient.  Would love to come back to stay at the studio again if we ever return to Dublin!1179 The Very Special Oval Georgian Studio certainly lived up to its name! I thoroughly enjoyed my stay. Karin was very welcoming and provided me with lots of information to help me make the most of my stay in Dublin. The apartment was very clean, well cared for and well located. The breakfast provisions, which were delicious, lasted me the 5 days of my stay. The shower recess was smallish but plenty of hot water and good pressure so I was very happy with that! The bed was quite low to the floor but this was not a problem for me.<br/>I was staying on my own and felt very safe in the apartment and the area. I would certainly recommend it to family and friends and given the opportunity would love to stay again!1180 Our stay with Teresa and Hugh was lovely and we could not have asked for a better experience. They both gave us honest advice about what to do and what not to do on our short trip to Ireland. We would highly recommend staying with them to anyone! And we both agreed that if ever make it back to Ireland we will be staying here again!1181 Teresa was very welcoming.1182 I enjoyed everything about my stay with Teresa in her lovely cottage. She and her partner went to great lengths to make my stay comfortable. Full of craic and advice, I found her to be a great personality, who respected my privacy.<br/><br/>The cottage itself was spacious, clean and tidy with great public transport links to the city centre , Church town and Dundrum.<br/><br/>There was a great selection for breakfast which including hot cross buns on one occasion, which I thought was a nice touch.<br/><br/>I found the back garden to be a beautiful and tranquil space to unwind when the weather permits.<br/><br/>Highly recommend staying at Holly Cottage!1183 Loved staying at Teresas place! Her and her husband were extremely helpful during our stay and the place was very well kept and cosy. Felt straight at home and the breakfast in the morning was a really nice addition. Easy tram or bus into the city centre, very comfy bed and lovely area. Highly recommend!1184 Teresa was a marvelous hostess. She's so generous with her hospitality and is just a lot of fun to talk to. She and her husband gave us wonderful recommendations for things to do while we were in the area, and really made us feel at home. Their house is beautiful and in a perfect location removed just a short bus ride away from Dublin itself. They provided us breakfast fixings every morning which were so wonderful, and gave us maps and information for day trips we were taking. I certainly would stay with them again!1185 Lovely! Vadym and Jose are the nicest persons I've ever met. They made sure I was comfortable and had everything I needed. They respected my privacy but also offered company if I wanted to. Their home is just lovely! Very tidy, comfortable and just a few mi nutes away from the center. All together, a wonderful experience!!1186 We have been 3 nights and it has been perfect.Vadym and José have been very friendly, they have given us indications to visit the city and even when we had a personal problem they helped us solve it.<br/> The room was very clean and very cozy.And from the apartment to the center you could get a walk in 20 minutes.<br/> It has been a great stay and we will repeat!1187 Vadym and Jose were very welcoming and it felt like a home from home. We had a lovely stay and would thoroughly recommend these fun guys.1188 Great hosts, knowledgeable about the area and very welcoming. Location is good, the building is across the street from the tram. Would definitely recommend staying with them and would do so again if I return to Dublin in the future.1189 My best airbnb experience ever!Great price for the offer!Perfect location,easy fast access to the city center,but also to St James hospital where I was working. Perfect venue for both a business trip but also to a romantic escape as the room is perfect for a couple as well. Beautiful house!!! Perfect room!!!The room is big and very well decorated with a private charming balcony. Private huge bathroom... The hosts are extreamly welcoming!!!Coffee and tea and simple breakfast was offered!!1190 These guys are very friendly.They help you in everything you want to know the city.His house is very beautiful.The host fourth has a great balcony that gives a large super quiet patio.1191 All very well.Excellent host.Very clean and all new room.Very close to the Tram and Barrio Quiet. <br/> to recommend and repeat.1192 Although it wasn't right in the centre of the Dublin, this wasn't a problem at all; the public transport was accessible and loads of things to do within walking distance (Guinness factory, museums etc) and the area was lovely and quiet! The apartment was perfect and the two hosts were so hospitable, delicious coffees made for us in the morning! Overall brilliant stay, thank you both!1193 So friendly and welcoming, finding the apartment and checking in was a breeze. Cereals, tea, coffee etc all included and lovely fluffy towels. Comfortable room, cosy and you have a balcony which is nice. Close to everything, great transport links and literally the cleanest place we've ever stayed. IMMACULATE. We will definitely come to stay again. 10/10!<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>1194 The blend of Russian humor and Portuguese wisdom along with Dublin's climate was good enough to make this trip a memorable one. With some initial hiccups during check-in, the trip was a complete pleasure. Vadym and Jose were quite helpful, open minded and cooperating. <br/><br/>The accommodation is located quite close to the sites such as Guinness Storehouse, National museum of Ireland, Christ Church Cathedral and many more. City centre is about 3 kms from the place, which was walkable for us.<br/> <br/>Room was nice, clean and tidy. Beds were comfortable provided with all the amenities required to deal with Dublin's weather. Bathroom was shining and was exceptionally good. Their flat is equipped with every modern gadget one can imagine for a comfortable stay. <br/><br/>You might get extra lucky if LINDA (The Cat) gives you a warm & welcoming gaze too.<br/><br/>Thanks to Jose and Vadym for your gestures and making my stay a comfortable one.1195 José and Vadym were really nice hosts. There is nothing I could complain about. They made me feel welcome from the very first moment and we had some great conversations. I'd love to meet them again someday...1196 Hospitality is great, very clean and a nice room with own bathroom!1197 Our stay with Teresa and Hugh was really nice. She's very helpful and kind and an excellent host. I couldn't ask for a better experience. She let our own privacy and helped us a lot with evertything we needed.<br/>The rooms are very cosy, clean and confortable. The place is really close to the bus stop and it's really easy to go to the center or to the Dundrum shopping mall. <br/> If we will ever decide to go to Dublin again, we would definitely choose to stay there.<br/>And of course...breakfast is awesome!1198 We had a really good time in Dublin. Teresa and her husband were so nice and gave us many tips what to do and where to go. Their house is lovely and we had everything we needed. The house is 6 km away from the city but the bus stop is 1 minunte away and there is also a tram station about 12 minutes away so it is very easy to get to the city. We really enjoyed our stay in Teresa's cottage!1199 What a lovely welcome to Ireland we had staying with Teresa. Room was perfect... Comfortable bed and spare cupboard space to spread out. Bathroom was very roomy and extremely clean.  Breakfast very satisfying with cereals toast and fresh preserves. Public transport options were numerous and very close walking distance. Thank-you for making our visit to Dublin so comfortable and relaxing Teresa.1200 We spent three nights at home Teresa and we have been very comfortable.Teresa is a very friendly, lovely person and always ready to help and she has advised us very well about what we could visit in 2 days.The very clean, comfortable place.Breakfast based on cereal and toast with jam with a delicious lemon jam.1201 Teresa was a wonderful host.  She was very helpful and accessible.  The provided breakfasts of toast and spreads, and cereals were nice.  We also enjoyed the smoking shelter in the back yard which we generally used as a relaxing place to enjoy our dinner (take out) when we returned in the evening.  The accommodations were nice, and food, shopping, and mass transit are within a reasonable walking distance.1202 We had a really nice stay with Teresa and Hughie . They were both very helpfull .<br/>We were very comfortable in the house and had everything that we needed . We enjoyed the breakfast everyday and the chats that we had with Teresa and Hughie .We had family and friends living in the area and it was very easy to get around with the local and city bus stops on the street outside and the luas ( tram ) service a short walk or bus ride away . The large shopping centre nearby is also a bonus . We would stay there again with Teresa and Hughie next time we visit Dublin .1203 Teresa and her husband, Hue, we're so kind and lovely to stay with. They have a sweet, tidy, clean home with a VERY comfy bed. Each morning they had a nice assortment set out for breakfast with new kinds of breads. They were both very welcoming, helpful and a joy to converse with. We we highly recommend them as a host home.1204 Teresa and her husband are great hosts. Her cottage was comfortable and easy to find. And I enjoyed very much the self serve breakfast they offered. They were very helpful with everything, and we got a wonderful taste of being local.1205 Teresa was very welcoming and helpful, my friend and I had a pleasant stay in her home and Dublin city!1206 Teresa was very welcoming and really went out of her way to facilitate my son and his friends. She was prompt with all communication and provided lots of helpful advice before their stay. <br/><br/>The boys reported that she was flexible and relaxed- they absolutely loved it!1207 Lovely cottage in a calm area!1208 Teresa and Hugh are very hospitable, dear people.You have done everything so that your guests can enjoy a nice stay.They are very helpful, with questions and problems you can contact the two hosts at any time.<br/> The house is clean and very cozy.Our room was small, but we liked it very much.The bed was very comfortable and equipped with a cozy blanket and 4 pillows.<br/> The guest bath was very clean and was kept clean every day.<br/><br/> The facility met the information.The WiFi worked great and was quick, although several guests and the home side used it.<br/><br/> In the neighborhood, several public transport runs with which you can quickly get into the city, the mountains or the sea.<br/> In addition, different restaurants, a pub and a large shopping center are available in 15 minutes (a bus also goes there, but since it drives an arch, you are not really faster).<br/><br/> It was a nice stay and we were very satisfied with our choice.1209 Very friendly recording, very helpful hosts.Very good breakfast, cozy, clean rooms, recommended.1210 We really liked staying with Teresa an Hugh. They're so welcoming and warm people who Help us with everything we needed!1211 We had the best stay in Dublin. Hugh and Teresa were the kindest hosts. The house was beautiful. It was a wonderful weekend getaway. We would definitely recommend it and would love to come back!1212 We were made most welcome. Our bedroom was small but nice and cosy. The bathroom was clean and there was plenty of hot water for our showers. In the morning we helped ourselves to the breakfast from the breakfast items on the trolley. As we were visiting family we actually spent very little time at Teresa's, leaving after breakfast and not returning until 10ish. It was an ideal place for us to stay being a very short drive away from family. Thank you Teresa for accommodating us as I know you were not planning on having guests so soon into the New Yeae.1213 Couldn't of asked for more! cwry welcoming and helpful hosts! Had. Brilliant knowledge of the area, local transport and things to do! Would highly recommend to anyone! Had a wonderful Ireland holiday! And can't wait To visit again!1214 This was a lovely place to stay, with good transport links. Would stay here again1215 Nice place1216 Room very comfortable and beautiful (including softening hair in the bath!) Vadym and Joseph were excellent hosts, very pleasant (email hidden by Airbnb) certainty, we recommend everyone to (Website hidden by Airbnb) Leap Card, the centerIt is located just 10 minutes.1217 The hosts were fantastic. Great communication and incredibly welcoming :) we felt very at home and had all the necessary facilities. Tips and advice given was accurate and very helpful. We would very much recommend staying here :) <br/>Thank you and all the best1218 We've had a really great time und Dublin. Jose an Vadym are both perfect hosts and very nice and friendly! We felt very welcome, thank u guys!1219 Vadym and Jose are outstanding hosts. Their home is beautiful, super clean, modern with all amenaties....even a terry robe! Public transport is one block away into center of town and Guiness Storehouse walking distance...don't miss it! Their place is a 5 star stay in all ways! Love Dublin!1220 Nice apartment and host, I had no problems at all. Would recommend any time.1221 The floor is very good, the perfect location.Very close to the tram.Vadym and Jose are very nice and explain everything necessary to move by Dublin. <br/>1222 My sister and I had a great stay at Vadym's and Jose's apartment. They were really kind and welcoming. The apartment was absolutely clean and we had enough towels for the shower. At day it was really easy to get to the city center by Luas (tram), about 2.90€/ride. In the evening it is quite difficult to get home because the Luas is out of order after 12 p.m., so we had to take a taxi after that time. The area around the apartment is really quite and clean, the building and the apartment seemed to be renovated only a few years ago. All in all we had a great stay and we can recommend it any time! Thank you a lot.<br/>1223 Very good location and lovely room. I would recommend and definitely stay again if I came to Dublin.1224 Everything was perfect; thank you both for the great accommodation!1225 Certainly one of the best places I've stayed. Warm. Clean and comfortable.1226 Journey to Dublin Magnificent!We stayed in the Vadym and Jose apartment!The apartment is very nice and clean!It is located in an easy position to reach from the airport and also to go to the center it is very comfortable !!!I absolutely recommend it !!!Jose very kind and helpful, Vadym unfortunately we couldn't meet him !!!See you soon guys !!!1227 Vadym and Jose were wonderful hosts. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay in their beautiful apartment. I would highly recommend this listing to anyone planning a visit to Dublin. Tip: If you're arriving to Dublin airport, be sure to follow the great travel advice in the description for getting into, and around the city.1228 Vadym's place was great. Really close to public transport which made getting around Dublin really simple and convenient. Vadym and Jose were great hosts, very warm and welcoming. I would definitely recommend their home to anyone wanting to move around Dublin.1229 Super nice hosts and very helpful1230 We absolutely loved staying with Jose and Vadym! They were super nice and fun to talk to! Their apartment was immaculate and had lots of amenities. I am very allergic to cats but their home was so clean I didn't sneeze one time from their beautiful cat Linda. That's saying a lot from me too! I would highly recommend this apartment. Great hosts!1231 Karin's lovely apartment was very comfortable and well equipped for our 2 night stay. Even though we flew into Dublin early in the morning,we were able to drop off our bags to start exploring the city. The apartment was only a short walk to O'Connell Street and the Temple Bar area. Karin was a great host providing us with lots of information of places to see and things to do. She kindly offered to do our laundry for €6, which she donated to charity. The only negative we found was that at night the locals could be quite rowdy. All in all our stay was very enjoyable.1232 This is a 'very special' apartment - it has all the modern comforts you could want plusthe elegance and charm of a stately Georgian house. Karin O'Flanagan is a great host. She made sure we had all we needed (including my low fat natural yoghurt!) and helped us with information about local shops, restaurants and cafes, as well as having multiple books and brocures about Dublin on hand. We had a car with us, but it was completely unnecessary for our short stay, as we could easily walk to most places from Mountjoy Square. We really enjoyed our Dublin stay.1233 Karin was a great host. She had great recommendations for what to do in the area. She was very helpful throughout our trip. Would definitely look her up if we make it back to Dublin.1234 Lovely all-in-one accommodation - tastefully decorated and real attention to detail.  Karin was very welcoming and helpful (coming home one night to her delicious banana bread was a real treat).  Would highly recommend.1235 We had a great stay and Karin was phenomenal with recomendations.  We went to a great bistro/pub that was superb and also she recomended a great market to visit just outside of the city.  <br/><br/>Would definetely go back1236 I stayed at Karin's place with my teenage daughter in October and found the flat really charming. Karin was a great hostess, so warm and helpful and a lot of fun to talk to. The flat is a 15-minute walk from the centre and we never used public transport. We loved Dublin, and the flat - and whole building - added to that special feeling of being in a place with a lot of character. We had to catch a really early flight home, but Karin got up to personally see us off at the bus stop and make sure that we got on the right bus to the airport! That was so kind of her, and we felt we were in good hands the whole stay. Quite imprtant for a mother and daughter on holiday..1237 We had a great time in this beautiful apartment - well furnished, comfortable, with many thoughtful additions to the flat to make it warm and welcoming.  Karin is a caring and approachable host.  We had an authentic experience in Dublin  partly thanks to this gorgeous apartment.  My only gripe is that we had no hot water for the duration of our stay (albeit for 15 minutes one morning which was bliss!) which in a cold October was tough to bear.  Otherwise, I would highly recommend a stay here.1238 Karin was a wonderful host.  The place was lovely, conveniently located, and she had lots of great tips and advice for things to do (and eat!) around town.  Would stay here again!1239 Do yourself a huge favor in life and stay here. It was the BEST experience I have ever had using airbnb. Staying at the Georgian studio is living in architectural heaven. My friend Emily and I stayed for four nights. Each night we made a fire and warm beverages before heading out to one of Karin's recommended pubs. Each morning we made a giant breakfast with the amazing goods Karin supplied for us. While the studio itself is incredible (immaculate, perfectly located, stunning, spacious) the most valuable part of staying here was the  advice given to us by Karin herself. She spent literal hours of her time helping us find the best of the best in Dublin. She takes pride in her city, knows its depth and has impeccable taste that made our experience one to remember. She also spent many hours doing research for us helping us get to our next place of destination. I have now been traveling all over Ireland with the help of Karin's expertise. I am very grateful to her and do not have enough good things to say about staying here. Needless to say, I shall be returning.1240 We had a fantastic time in Dublin, and much thanks to this great apartment. It was beautiful and had everything we could expect. We certainly enjoyed sitting in front of the fireplace with a glass of wine or Guinness. Karin was a great host!1241 Staying with Karin was simply awesome.  She went above and beyond my expectations by supplying food and giving me recommendations for things to do and see.  I will definitely stay with her again in the future.1242 Karin was a very thoughtful host. The fridge was filled with basics which allowed us to enjoy a rich breakfast after our first night in dublin. The furnishing of the apartment is very special. After long and exhausting shopping-trips we really enjoyed sitting in front of the feature fireplace!!<br/>The position of the building is fantastic. It didn't take us more than 15 minutes to reach the center of dublin.<br/><br/>We had a perfect stay at Karin's apartment and would love to come back!1243 The perfect little home from home in Dublin over Christmas. A beautiful Georgian building, with open fireplace and well equipped kitchen, even for cooking Christmas dinner. Great location with just a few minutes walk from O'Connell Street and the centre on Dublin, yet not too noisy and overlooking a lovely green square.<br/><br/>Karin our host was very welcoming and helpful; supplying us with bread, eggs, logs for the fire and a load of different DVD's to watch. All this made for a great stay in Dublin!1244 Both this property and our host, Karin, we're exceptional. The studio is beautifully decorated, spacious and is kitted out with everything you'll need to have a comfortable and enjoyable stay. <br/><br/>Karin was an exemplary host who has an encyclopaedic knowledge of Dublin. Her suggestions of sights to see and places to eat and drink we're all excellent and really enriched our trip. <br/><br/>We would highly recommend this property for anyone looking to stay in Dublin.1245 We stayed at Karin's studio apartment for two nights while in Dublin and our only regret is we didn't stay  longer.  The accommodations were everything she said they were:  breathtaking character, clean and conveniently located to everything in Dublin.  Karin herself was an exceptional hostess as she made prior arrangements in her absence for our arrival and had everything set to go then spent as much time w/us as needed to make our stay in Dublin as perfect as possible.  Her love for the city is apparent, her knowledge exceptional and her recommendations flawless.  With plans on being in Ireland for an extended holiday/business trip, we look forward to not worrying about where to to stay when in Dublin.1246 Karin is a superb hostess, very friendly, knowledgeable and went out of her way to be helpful .  The room was  superb and the open fire of an evening lovely in the depth of January. The  bed was very comfortable with  quality goose down quilt, 100%  cotton sheets the  antique furniture was all in nice condition with plenty of interesting reading matter available. The breakfast goods supplied all of the highest quality. The  property itself is magnificent built on a grand scale and sympathetically restored.    It is close to O'Connell Street , only  a few minutes walk from the airport bus at the terminal entrance and only two stops on the bus itself- so very quick.   A lovely experience I would be happy to do it again and recommend to all my friends.1247 Karin was a fantastic host - very nice and informative.  I very much appreciated that she took a great deal of time to suggest many things to do in my weekend in Dublin.  You can tell she knows and loves her city.  <br/>     The place was nice and clean and a good size.  I also very much appreciated that she offered some basic snacks (fruit, juice, bread, etc) for me as well.  <br/>     Also, I arrived early in the morning before the room was vacated by the previous guest and she was also very helpful in allowing me to drop by and store my luggage while I headed out to go sightseeing.  <br/>     I would definitely recommend this place to a friend.1248 Stayed four days in Karins very special indeed oval studio with my two girls aged 9 and 11 and had a lovely stay with Karin who knew exactly what *we* should do in Dublin. Spot on! Tha apartment itself is beautiful, with great attention given to tiny details such as  beautiful inlaid furniture and linen napkins. On arrival we were given a freshly baked banana bread to have with our breakfast - which she also provided for the first day. <br/>Having lived in Dublin I knew the area as a bit rough (early 1990-ties) but but it seems to have changed to the better and would not hesitate to stay there again. In fact I think neither I nor my girls would like to stay anywhere else in Dublin after this.1249 We had a wonderful stay here, the apartment is in a beautiful building and Karin has decorated it in excellent taste, making great use of the space so it feels a lot bigger than a studio.  Karin was very welcoming and little touches such as breakfast ingredients (homemade granola, yoghurt, fruit, soda bread, good coffee) and shower gel, shampoo etc were very welcome!  She also gave lots of handy local recommendations and checked everything was to our satistfaction. The kitchen is very well equipped and we loved the log fire, the gallery bedroom is cosy and comfortable.  All was clean and tidy and the street isn't noisy at night.  While Mountjoy square isn't one of the most fashionable locations in town, taxis are so prolific and cheap (our longest wait was just under 60 seconds) that we just hopped in a cab to go out in the evening and did the short walk into town during the day.<br/>Would definitely recommend - if in Dublin we will certainly want to stay here again!1250 I had a lovely stay! The apartment is exactly as pictured. It is charming, comfortable, and in a good location. Karin was attentive and incredibly helpful. I highly recommend Karin and her Georgian studio apartment. I look forward to staying here again.1251 Staying at Karin's place was perfect for my family.  Karin was a great host from the beginning of our stay and our early arrival all the way until assisting us with our luggage as we left.  Upon arrival we had no phone so she loaned us her as well as her iPad to get things situated with our phone.  The place was perfect for my family and Karin's willingness to allow my family to stay there made our trip easily manageable.  Her communication before and after our stay was spot on and I will look to rent this place again if we return to Dublin.1252 We had a lovely time in the Oval Georgian Studio in Dublin.  Karin was a lovely hostess.  It is a great location and very clean.  I give it a very positive recommendation.1253 Karin is an amazing host! I love her passion for Dublin. She shared with us information on what was playing in the theater and Irish fashion designers. Her place was absolutely beautiful! The apartments look just like their pictures. Wifi was provided and each morning she had fresh granola, bread and eggs ready for us. She told us about the local market so we had some fresh veggies and fruit available as well. The location is amazing, it's about a 10 minute walk to O'Connell street where you can catch the hop off hop on bus tours. I highly recommend anyone staying in Dublin to check into one of Karin's apartments. And if you get the chance go across the street to Hills 16 the local pub. While there we stopped in one night, shared amazing stories with a local couple and ended up playing bingo too! Great memories :)1254 Staying in this beautiful Georgian Studio really made us feel like royals! The high and decorated ceiling, the old furniture and the cozy fireplace made this apartment unlike anything we've stayed in before. The location was also great, it took us about 10 minutes to get to the river Liffey and Temple Bar. <br/>It's also true what the other guests write about Karin: she's an excellent host and gave us many insider tips about Dublin (even though she's was feeling ill!). We would definitely stay here again, highly recommended!1255 3 nights stay in the Oval Georgian Studio of Karin was an unforgettable experience for me and my family. Architecture, decoration, books, cake, films, flowers, fireplace and hospitality were all very elaborate and Irish. Thanks Karin that she helped us in every issue from checkin-checkout to great reccomendations about the city, from firelog aid for the fireplace to dvd's for my son. No need to say that the room was the same as in the pics and it was more clean and quite than you could expect.1256 A charming address in the Dublin Georgian with colorful doors!The welcome from Karin was exceptional: his good addresses, the local pub at 110 beers to taste, the small restaurants, and the shops of Irish creators, had no secrets for us!As for the apartment, what can I say?The pictures speak for themselves !!!It was a magical stay at the height of this fabulous country.1257 Teresa and Hugh were great hosts for our stay, Hugh even gave us a lift to the train. The room we stayed in had the most comfortable double bed, which was great to fall into after a full day on the town.1258 Teresa's place is neat, quiet, and clean. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay there. Yes, it is quite small, but I didn't need much space, and it is obvious from the description and pictures that it will be small, so no complaints here.<br/>The only tiny issue is that you really have paper-thin walls between the rented out rooms, and do hear everything from the other guests. But that's hardly the host's fault and your mileage may vary depending on who the other guests were.<br/><br/>This place gets a clear recommendation from me!1259 Feel at home1260 Very nice apartment, lovingly equipped and decorated.There was a bus stop right on the doorstep, it was only about 15 minutes on foot to the tram. <br/> also a very nice reception and extensive information about the city etc. of Teresa and her husband.1261 Teresa's place would be ideal for people who would prefer (like us) a quiet place for the night after a noisy and a busy day in the city. Very comfortable bed too in a nice cozy room. The area (beautiful neighborhood) is really well connected to the city center and you can get Leap Card for 1, 3 or 7 days which cuts down the costs for public transport and you can travel from-to the airport and around Dublin as much as you want. I loved talking to Teresa - she is a lovely and intelligent person and a great host too, making you feel like at home. She was also very good at providing us, in advance, prior of our visit, with detailed information on how to get to her place and with recommendations what to visit in Dublin and around.1262 Teresa & Hugh are very friendly and informative. Their house is located near public transportations and a walking distance to 2 big shopping malls. Recommended to those who are looking for quiet and suburb neighborhood.1263 Teresa and her husband were incredible hosts. The cottage is lovely and located right next to a bus stop to take you into town. I couldn't recommend their place more!1264 Teresa's cottage was wonderful. It was very clean and tidy. It is very easy to get from the city centre and vice versa, as the bus stop is just a minute's walk from her , different touristic destinations also recommended some tours. They were very informative. On the plus side they also providew breakfast! I highly recommend booking  Teresa's cottage.1265 Teresa and Hugh are perhaps the nicest hosts I've ever stayed with! They provide you with detailed information about how to get to and from the city center, as well as great suggestions for attractions (I highly recommend taking the dart out to the sea village of Howth!). The room was clean, and the kitchen was stocked with a great spread of breakfast items. While this house is a little farther out from the city center, public transportation is super close and easy to navigate. My partner and I enjoyed heading into the city and then returning to Teresa and Hugh's house where things were a little more laid back. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!1266 Very tmible cottage with small rooms and located outside the center - very quiet with very good traffic connections!Really nice and helpful host.We recommend.1267 It is very nice location, people and comfort bed. Easy to go by train to Dublin (with luas 15 min.). Tereas helps every time. Thanks1268 Teresa's place was absolutely adorable! Very comfortable and cozy, with exceptional hosts! Just outside of Dublin, it was a very easy 15min trip via bus or tram to the center of Dublin. There was also a very lovely shopping center and collection of restaurants within a 5min walk, and the neighborhood was very calm and quiet. Very easy to travel around and navigate without a car. I'm 6 months pregnant, and even so, everything was a very easy trip from their house. Teresa and her husband were amazing hosts and made us feel very welcome and at home. They gave us great directions and tips for things to do, as well as being great conversation over a cup of tea. We very much hope to stay here again for future trips!1269 Teresa and her husband are the best hosts we had.10 stars for them.From the first minute they made us feel at home.Teresa went to look for the Dundrum bus stop.They received us with Cotillon from San Patricio.They gave us very good recommendations.They are loving, friendly, nice.The best people in Ireland.We felt very comfortable, they were very attentive, the room is beautiful and its house is very warm.Breakfast is unbeatable.Cleaning is perfect.THANK YOU!!!!They made our stay in Dublin a lovely experience.We hope to come back soon!1270 Teresa and her husband are absolutely amazing hosts! Her home is beautiful, it made us feel at home (super comfy beds!) We arrived a little later than expected and they welcomed us with open arms. Close to public transportation that drops you off directly in the downtown area of Dublin. The complementary breakfast was amazing especially, if you love jellies and jams like we do!1271 Our hosts were very hospitable.  They made sure to help us in any way that they could.  Being it our first time to use airbnb, they went above and beyond all our expectations.  Giving us information on the weather and how to navigate the area properly was also very helpful.  If they gave us any instructions, they made sure to do it to a "T".  Their house was tiday, the Bedroom was well tended to, and our breakfasts each morning were wholesome.  All in all, our first experience makes us want to explore airbnb more.  Thanks go out to Teresa and her husband for helping to make our first stay on our Honeymoon memorable!1272 The accommodation somewhat outside the city center is well developed by bus and tram.It has a parking space for cars.The hosts are a very friendly, helpful and open -minded couple.The accommodation is clean and everything is ready for breakfast to make yourself.The accommodation can be highly recommended.1273 Everything was as described, although we arrived later, this was not a problem.Very nice and everything is very clean only to be recommended1274 Transportation was good with a bus right out front, and faster train 10 to 15 walk away, nice kitchen and back garden to enjoy breakfast or evening  drink , Teresa was always asking us if we needed anything1275 We enjoyed our stay inTeresa's home. Comfy bed, good selection of breakfast foods and easy bus connection to downtown. Nice to be able to relax in their lovely private back yard. <br/>Friendly helpful hosts.1276 Teresa and her husband are wonderful and very nice hosts.A short walk can be achieved well with public transport and thus the city center.There is also a city center in Dundrum itself by there are many localities!The other visitors to the Holy Cottag were very nice and always for a little conversation!If there were any questions, Teresa were always very helpful!It is definitely worth a trip :)1277 Peace and quite a pleasant place with great transport into the city ( trams great)1278 We had a great time staying at Teresa’s place. It had everything we needed, great location and we were left to our own devices for the weekend. Highly recommended.1279 Theresa and her husband are very warmhearted and friendly hosts for a bed and breakfast stay in dublin. A bit outside the Center but easy to go by Tram or Bus. Lidl and other Shops, also a few Restaurants are close by. Highly recommend!1280 Teresa was very helpful and friendly, great location if you are staying near Dundrum.1281 The friendliest hosts your likely to meet,warm and genuine with a lovely home and garden to match. Great location for anyone visiting the city with Luas nearby as well!1282 Teresa and her husband are wonderful hosts. They are super friendly and make you feel at home as soon as you walk through the door. There is a spacious kitchen with a lovely view into the garden. It's a 10 minute walk to the Luas (=Tram), which will take you to the centre in 12 minutes. If you don't want to walk, you can also take the bus that stops infront of the house. Dundrum is a nice and quiet neighbourhood with a big shopping centre you can easily reach on foot.1283 Despite our late arrival due to a 5 -hour delay at Térésa airport warmly welcomed us.Perfectly clean accommodation, nice kitchen with all you want for breakfast.The House.Is not in the center of Dublin but it is easily accessible thanks to the Luas 10min from walking.Térésa does not hesitate to come to you in order to exchange and give you the best advice for your visit to Dublin and Ireland in general.Thank you again to her and her husband for this great stay1284 We had the  wonderful opportunity to stay at  a very special Oval Georgian Studio for 2 nights while visiting Dublin - I cannot think of any better accommodations that we could have enjoyed.<br/>The  cozy studio had all modern amenities - with original 15 ft ceilings and  wonderful 10 foot  windows allowing  plenty of light -<br/>Location was excellent - we rented a car upon leaving the city and walked easily to the city center and beyond - <br/><br/>Karin gave us wonderful advice  concerning places to eat , pubs with original Irish music, museums to visit etc. I just wish we had more time to explore!<br/><br/>I highly recommend her studio, it accommodated  three of us nicely. She even made a recommendation on the Dingle Peninsula  that we ended up visiting as well!<br/><br/>Karin is a native of Dublin, knows her city intimately and has restored her Georgian building with the utmost of care.<br/><br/>1285 The appartment is superb and very confortable. The location is most convenient and overall Karin is sharing her knowledge of her town with so much passion that we fall in love with Dublin. Her advices were of very good value. She provided such a welcome we were quite astonished.  Again the house and appartment is wonderful, we will come again for sure .1286 Karin's hospitality and advice was outstanding which added to our happy visit to Dublin. The Georgian apartment was well equipped, cosy and of course charming. Why would you ever stay in a hotel when you can have your very own Georgian experience in Dublin .1287 Great location! We were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go during our stay. The apartment was clean and very nice.  One word of advice, if you want hot water you need to make sure you turn the heat/water thermostat on to let the water tank heat up.<br/><br/>Karin was very accommodating and we would recommend the apartment to anyone. <br/>1288 Karin is a gracious and warm host who has lived in Mount Joy Square neighborhood for many years, and it was a pleasure talking with her. Nothing beats the advice of a local and all her recommendations from restaurants to site seeing were spot on! The Georgian apartment was as charming as depicted in the photos, but was also outfitted with modern comforts such as a fully equipped kitchen and renovated bathroom. I was concerned about the hot water system, but Karin explained it in detail, and we did not have to worry about adjusting the system because we had enough hot water for our showers (which were a good pressure btw.). Karin also generously provided fruit, home-made granola, Irish breakfast tea and other goodies for breakfast and was available in the building in case we needed anything. We wish we could have enjoyed this gorgeous studio for more than just 2 days!1289 Stay here!!! Fantastic location, amazing host, absolutely beautiful places and delicious breakfast included!!! Thank you for a wonderful stay!!!1290 We had an excellent experience in the Oval Georgian Studio!!! The apartment is beautiful and very comfortable! The must is the cosy fire place!!! And Karin is a perfect host: she's a charming and interesting person and she had plenty of things to learn us about Dublin! In conclusion the Oval Studio is the best place to stay in Dublin!1291 We had a great time in Dublin. Karin was a great host. The place is so cool that during our stay even a movie scene was taken in the other (identical) Studio.<br/>The only downside was that it was a bit more walking than expected - but with all the good food in Dublin that was maybe even very much needed :-)1292 Karin's flat was quite lovely. We arrived and picked up the keys with no problem. The flat was clean, and it was just as it was described online. It was conviently located to the city center, major attractions and right in front of the bus stop to the airport. We had a great stay and can definitely recommend!1293 Good starting point for a tour through Dublin. Vadym and Jose are very nice and always have an open ear for questions. <br/>The information they sent us before our trip were very helpful.<br/>Absolutely recommendable.1294 Very close to public transportation, which was great!1295 Vadym and Jose were amazing hosts. Very helpful and incredibly hospitable. They offered suggestions on where to go in Dublin and how to get around the city. Their place was immaculate and exactly as described. The tram stop is a minute walk if that from their place and takes you downtown Dublin easily. I would happily stay here again and highly recommend Vadym and Jose's place!1296 The room was lovely and the whole apartment was spotless. The hosts couldn't have been more welcoming, making us really feel at home, giving us advice on good places to go and directions to get places. We tried a restaurant that they suggested which was amazing. Such a lovely stay, if ever came to Dublin would definitely stay here again1297 Convenient, quiet accommodations in a lovely apartment. We wished we could have stayed longer!1298 A very cozy place, with very attentive hosts! <br/> The house is not in the center, but the tram is at the door and walking is very good.I would repeat with them, of course!1299 The room and all the spaces of the apartment are flawless. Vadym & O Jose is besides friendly and <br/> helpful, excellent people.1300 I had a wonderful stay with Jose and Vadym. They were helpful and accommodating. Everything was just as they said in their listing. The room was very clean and extremely quiet. There's a convenient cafe just downstairs where you can grab a quick breakfast.<br/><br/>Overall, it was a very pleasant stay and I wouldn't hesitate to go back.1301 Vadym and Jose have a really nice place and you are welcome like friends.<br/>Vadym make us delicious gluten free cake. He suggest us to use the place as it is ours.<br/>Really great days.<br/>The apartment is really close to the tram. You can visit all dublin by public transport.<br/>They gave us good advice to visitbthe city,  free tour for Dublin Castle, free museum...<br/>Really great<br/>We will come back!!1302 Very clean and tidy room in a location only 5 minutes on the tram from Dublin City centre 👍🏼 Vadym and Jose are really nice guys and are happy to help with any queries you might have. For the price, I'd highly recommend.1303 Vadym's and Jose's place is a great place to stay in Dublin. It's close to the tram which will get you closer to the city centre, and their home is located close to the Guinness Storehouse, which you should not miss! The place was comfy, the bed was great, the room very spacious and they had great wi-fi too. Vadym and Jose were really great hosts, although Vadym had to leave, Jose helped me a lot with suggestions and advices on how to move around and what to see, he was also, very friendly and welcoming. There's no doubt that this is a great place to stay in Dublin!1304 The place is better than the photos, very nice and clean.<br/> They received us very kindly and indicated data about the city.<br/> We recommend it 100%1305 Amazing Host. Wonderful stay. Recreation center and cafe next door. Within walking distance of all of Dublin's major sites.1306 Great place, great people. Loved it!1307 We had a fantastic stay at Vadym and Jose's place. We were only in Dublin for a short visit, but Jose was very kind, friendly, and helpful (we unfortunately didn't have the chance to meet Vadym, as he was out of town). The building was quiet and very close to the Luas tram station, which made getting into the city centre a breeze! We would definitely recommend this place to other travellers!1308 The flat was very clean and tidy,  great location just in front of the tram stop. Jose and Vadym are great hosts. Highly recommend1309 Vadym and Jose were wonderful hosts and very helpful! Very nice room and close to public transportation to get around Dublin1310 An absolutely positive experience from the first communication to the end of the trip.Vadym sent me tips for the arrival and shortly before arrival there was another agreement on how to get to the apartment, which I found very personable and helpful.The location of the apartment is cheap, the tram is almost around the corner and you are also on foot after 15 minutes in the city center.Vadym and Jose are both totally friendly and helpful and we felt very welcome to the two - we could even wash our laundry, thanks again;) <br/> absolutely recommended. <br/>1311 Vadym was very nice and welcoming, if we are to go back to Dublin we'll  definitely try to go back to his place.1312 Vadym was amazing as a host. The places is beautiful and comfortable! We will def coma back. He was kind, gaved us a lot of tips and open to help all the time. We had an excellent time!1313 This has been my 4th stay at Vadym's home and I look forward to more stays in the future if I am blessed enough to return to Ireland. I have always felt very welcomed and at home.  Being a single adventurer, I am careful about where I stay. Vadym's is located centrally for transportation and I have found that parking is convenient. Vadym is a very gracious host and we have had many very interesting conversations. He is truly a "Super Host".1314 Vadym is a gentleman who came down to bring us up to his place when we reached the area around 11pm as the area was very quiet. The Tram Station to the city centre is only a 2-3mins walk. Vadym went out of his way to get my lost phone which I dropped in the taxi to his place. He is such a kind and friendly host, will definitely choose his place when I visit Dublin again.1315 Vadym's place was lovely and very close to public transportation. He was super friendly and was easy to reach if I needed anything. I definitely recommend staying here!1316 Very nice place to visit Dublin. A Little Walk to the center, but not too long. The room is comfortable and Vadym and Jose are very nice.1317 10 min walk away from Guinness storehouse where you can take hop on/off bus, tram stop opposite apartment and made to feel very welcome by a great host in a clean, tidy apartment.1318 Nice place, friendly hosts, good connection to the city (red line), uncomplicated1319 The room and bathroom are clean and it is a very cozy apartment.They are very friendly.The only bad thing is that it is a bit away from the center to walk, but it is right next to the Guinness factory.1320 Perfect place for exploring Dublin with friendly hosts.1321 we stayed 2 nights at vadyms and joses apartment and had a great time. <br/>everything was more then we expected, the room was very clean and comfortable, the bed was super comy. we really liked our own bathroom it was super tidy. our host were so nice and lovly, they helped us with everything. the next tram is just a view minutes around the corner and it takes you to the city center, we even walked the 30 min there. we highly recommend staying here because it's close to city center but in a quiet area.1322 Very pleasant, I recommend for any stay in Dublin!1323 Very nice cottage, lovely hosts1324 Teresa is a wonderful person. She has so many contacts and advice.  The place has really good transports links and is very nice. <br/>It's very good to meet other people from other countries coming to Dublin. <br/>The breakfast is good too.1325 Hose & Vadym were perfect hosts for our 2 nights in Dublin. Hose gave us our own key so we were able to come and go as we pleased which was fantastic. The apartment block is right next to the Fatima tram stop which made traveling into Dublin city centre stress free, only €4.80 for a day return ticket. The room itself was very clean and has its own balcony, private bathroom also very clean with a good shower. Overall very comfortable stay would recommend!!1326 There is no better place to stay in all of Dublin, I am certain. Vadym and Jose were by far the kindest hosts we have ever had the pleasure of staying with. Not only was the place central, easily accesible, extremely clean, beautiful and comfortable, they make you feel so welcome you won't want to leave! Don't look any further. Thank you both, we hope to see you again very soon!1327 Vadym and Jose were wonderful hosts-very welcoming! Everything was clean, the bed was comfy, and the patio was wonderful! Highly recommend1328 The property is approx. 2.5 km away from the city center Dublin.The room was really cozy, bright and calm.WiFi and coffee machine worked great and the hosts were always ready for entertainment.Otherwise the accommodation of the description and the vote regarding the arrival and departure was very simple and it was always answered quickly.Highly recommended for a (short) visit to Dublin.1329 Jose & Vadym are really nice! Thema check in was easy and Thema apartment easy to find (with the Pictures!). We traveled by luas everytime we went to city centre, Temple Bar or back.1330 Thank you Vadym for letting us stay in your place while we visited Dublin. It was very close distance via tram to the city centre.1331 Vadym and José were friendly and informative. They did everything possible to make our stay in Dublin a memorable one. Thanks guys!1332 The accommodation of Vadym and José was just great for our short dublin stay (3 nights).Although it is not directly in the city center, you can still reach a lot on foot.The apartment is very clean and tidy.You don't notice anything from the city noise.In addition to our own room, we also had a large bathroom for our own use.José was very warm, gave us Dublin tips and was always open to a conversation (Vadym was not there during our stay).We can only recommend the accommodation!1333 We had a very good WE at Vadym and José: 2 pleasant, simple and welcoming artists ... We quickly feel at home and they are always ready to do service with conviviality and discretion ... Thank you to them.1334 Vadym and Jose were the perfect hosts during our recent stay in Dublin ( Sep /17 ). They have a lovely apartment near the Fatima tram( LUAS ) stop. <br/><br/>They  were the perfect hosts and they made our stay in Dublin truly memorable. <br/>We had excellent instructions on how to get to their place; equally importantly, Jose came across the moment we let him that we had arrived at the Fatima tram stop and guided us in. Much appreciated.<br/>Thoughtful touches like offering us the use of the umbrella, adaptor plug and permitting us to leave the luggage when we went on the day we were checking made it all very special for us .Must also mention that I had endless cups of coffee using the coffee maker... Jose very kindly helped me over the mysteries of operating it :-)<br/>We also appreciated the many conversations we had with both Vadym and Jose on topics of mutual interest. <br/>Would be very happy to recommend them to our friends when ever any of them  plan to visit Dublin<br/>Shekar<br/>( Chandrasekaran )1335 Jose and Vadym are experts at hosting! They are thoughtful and kind!1336 It was really great for the two!Everything was very clean and tidy! <br/> We would be happy to come back to you !!1337 The stay with Vadym and Jose was very, very good!We were very warmly welcomed by the two and the apartment was shown to us.We had a room for 2 people and our own bathroom with shower.The apartment was very clean and was very stylish.We were allowed to use the kitchen and the living room completely.<br/> Immediately after our check-in we drank a tea and the two marked us all noticeable points in Dublin on a card.We also received clues in which attractions too much money is required for too little performance.The tips were incredibly helpful and at this point I would like to thank you again.The apartment has a very good location and you are on foot in the city center within 15 minutes.It was very nice that the two always took a lot of time for us.The two are incredibly great hosts and I can only recommend a visit to Dublin with Vadym and Jose.:-)1338 Everything as described;No complaints.Very friendly hosts;Location calm and therefore a little outside.10 minutes with the tram and 35 minutes on foot to the city center.Very suitable as a starting point!1339 Stayed for two nights. Clean, compfy and quiet location. Everything as described.1340 Jose and Vadym’s place is very convenient and accessible from the airport, and to Dublin City Centre. Their apartment is very clean and neat. The room is of a very comfortable size and there is even a balcony attached! They even provide additional blankets and pillows just in case guest require additional amenities.<br/><br/>They are wonderful hosts and I highly recommend their apartment for travelers looking to put up in Dublin! Thank you for the wonderful stay!1341 This place was exactly what I needed for my long weekend in Dublin! I'm a solo female traveler and usually stay in hostels but was craving some quiet, and his place really delivered. Sooo comfy and quiet and location is perfect (a 2 min walk to the tram that takes you straight to the center). They were so kind and helpful too. Thank you guys!!1342 Vadym was a great host. He went out of his way to accommodate us. The apt. was clean and neat and well equipped. Though out from Dublin center, there was a tram stop a block away. Also enjoyed a restaurant for breakfast across the way.1343 The apartment was lovely, the kitchen well equipped including organic eggs, milk, bread, butter and jams, the bed was comfortable. We are happy walkers and walked our way across Dublin.1344 Karin was incredibly helpful in providing us with advise and suggestions on things to do and places to eat during our 2 day stay in Dublin, which really helped us get the best out of it.<br/> Accommodation is quite conveniently placed for seeing the sights, and well equipped  with everything you could need, and comfortable  for a short stay. <br/>Feel obliged to  highlight that the Ceiling of bedroom mezzanine floor  is a little low for some (such as 6ft3 husband), and space managed  well through use of low (futon style) bed.<br/>1345 The actual room was exactly as the pictures showed. Our hosts were extremely accommodating and friendly. Our lodging was within easy walking distance of the city and it's attractions, and the public transport was easy for those things not easily walked. The kitchen was well supplied. Would heartily recommend this choice for anyone coming to Dublin looking for a central location.1346 I recommend this apartment very highly. It's a really beautiful room in a lovely building, with a sweeping Georgian staircase. It's a great size for two people and we could have happily stayed there longer without ever feeling cramped. The kitchen is really well equipped, and the living area is very comfortable and cosy, as is the bed. There was bread, marmalade, juice, butter, eggs, milk, tea and coffee on arrival - a really thoughtful touch which helped us to settle in. Everything is absolutely spotless and arrival and departure were really smooth and helpful. <br/><br/>My one tip would be to bring a dressing gown - I usually don't when I'm travelling and there is an absolutely huge and very gorgeous window which made me worry that the residents of Mountjoy Square would get more than they bargained for! <br/><br/>Like other former Dublin residents, I had my doubts about the area, but it was completely unproblematic. Everyone was really friendly, we had some nice walks into town and jumped into one of the area's plentiful taxis when we were tight for time. We'll be back. <br/>1347 Teresa and Hugh were great! The home is exactly as described, our bed was nice and comfy, and we had some very convenient touches provided like usb charge ports and the use of a converter. As soon as we arrived, we got a wonderful detailed rundown of the place, things to do, and transit. Overall, it made for a lovely stay and a good jumping off point to explore Dublin and the surrounding areas.1348 Top location, stylish home, marvelous breakfast buffet, great hospitality and wonderful hosts! I have now words to explain how great it was! I really didn´t expected it to be so good. We are so grateful and we can only recommend Teresa & Hughie1349 Teresa’s home was great for the weekend! A little far from the city center, but not too far of a walk from the tram station; she provided excellent instructions to help find it. Wonderful breakfast, and very comfortable accommodations. Quiet and safe neighborhood - 2 girls in our 20s, felt perfectly safe walking to and from public transportation late at night. She had no problem with us coming and going late at night as well; she gave us our own key to get in and out of the house and the room.1350 Excellent for a short trip to Dublin. The city center is easily reachable via Tram. Teresa is a friendly and helpful host, our room was warm and cozy.1351 Wonderful hosts to stay with outside of Dublin! Great hosts that are very informative and friendly.1352 We had a wonderful time at the Georgian Studio. Although the owner was out of town, her family members met us at the door and provided helpful information about the area and the apartment. The studio was perfect for our small family of two adults and one 8 year old child. It is about a 10 minute walk to the River and even closer to a great restaurant district with Asian cuisine.1353 We loved our stay in Karin's oval Georgian studio. Karin met us with a bottle of Prosecco and some home-made cordial. We felt as if we were staying with an old friend who was glad to see us. The room is gorgeous. There's everything you could possibly need for cooking and a nice vegetable market 2 minutes away. We never took taxis or trains, since anything we wanted to do was an easy walk, even though Mountjoy Square seems a bit out of the centre. Karin was incredibly knowledgeable about Dublin and Ireland. We took every one of her recommendations, including a daytrip on the DART train to the seaside town of Greystones, which allowed us to see why the air rings with the cries of gulls. It is a delightful surprise to walk from the street into the elegance and peace of this beautifully decorated house. It was everything we expected it to be. We were there in a heatwave, but someday I'd love to be there in cold mist, with a fire on the grate. We had lovely times sipping wine with Karin in the long, long Dublin dusk. Highly recommended.1354 According to Aubrey Malone who wrote "Historic Pubs of Dublin", one of the tour books in Karin's welcome literature:   "O'Connell Street - one of the widest streets in Europe - was the centre of the city's activity.   It has fallen from grace somewhat in the past few decades and has let itself go to an extent, parts of it having become rather tacky.   (It is also something of a no-go<br/>area late at night from a crime standpoint)."    Karin's place is a few blocks from O'Connell Street, and yes the surrounding area is tacky and rather depressing.   <br/><br/>The directions to find the flat are rather uncertain to follow.   We found the following easy to follow and straight forward .... you just make one right turn.     From the airport, take the 41 bus and get off at Chester.   Walk in the direction the bus just travelled.  You will pass a pub called WJ which is actually very nice, and a recommendation from Karin.   You will also pass the porno shop and shortly thereafter see a pub on the corner.   Turn right and you will walk past the park which will be on the left.   Just past park on the corner is a rollhouse Number 54, that green door greets you to  Karin's place.    The Mountjoy Square area<br/>is a very loud and traffic ridden area.   People hang out in the streets late into the night, and on the front steps of Karin's place beverage cans and trash were left by neighborhood people who were just hanging out.    The apartment is hot with no circulating air.  There is no air conditioning or fans to cool down the living space.   Karin stated that no cooling is required with 14 foot ceilings, but the facts are the loft is 10 feet up, so you sleep amongst the hottest part of the flat.    The airbns photographs are impressive, but the reality is you can not open the largest window which Karin firmly stated to us on arrival is forbidden because of the age of the window.  The side windows do open, but we were not comfortable.  The list of repairs includes chipping paint in the shower, a gross and tacky shower head, a slow running shower drain which I hate to stand in backup water when showering, a missing light in the shower stall which was pointed out to us, a gas stove that requires matches to lit because the stove needs repairs.   Internet connection failed often and does not qualify as an internet offering:  One bar, two bars but mostly no internet available.  Clearly Karin's opportunity to cash in on the tourism revenue to Dublin is a mainstay but the overselling is rather misleading.   The offerings here does not quality for anything above a three star rating.   And no you will not have an "exceptional" stay here.   The words "patience" and "tolerance" comes to mind during our July stays here.<br/>1355 We stayed at Karin's place twice, because we booked in advance without seeing the place.    On the plus, Karin did allow us to keep the front door key making our return easy.   As well as kept a travel bag in storage.    Our return was a dreaded experience because we knew from the other visit that the apartment would be hot, and street noise was going to loud.   Which it was on both accounts.   The cab driver said to us too bad the homes were not located on the other side of town.... beautiful old row houses in a safe clean neighborhood.   Mountjoy square has too many problems to  regain the gentry it once experienced generations ago.   For the money you will spend at Karin's place, look for a unit in a safer neighborhood.   My mistake was to rely on airbnb too much and I did not conduct separate searches on the area.   Read about this area:  (Website hidden by Airbnb)1356 We had an amazing stay here. It was our first stop in Ireland and it was a great way to start the trip. The apartment had everything we could have needed. It was an easy walking distance to restaurants and to the main shopping areas. Karin was a great host, she was very helpful with giving us recommendations. Would definitely stay here again if in Dublin!1357 I was very pleased with my stay at Karin's. Her niece, Orla, met me on arrival and I was provided with a map and basic directions and information about Dublin and the nearby area. Karin later checked that I had all the information I needed and was most helpful in all instances. The home-made soda bread was fabulous! The property is on the corner of one busy and one quiet street and there was some vehicle and happy-go-lucky pedestrian traffic owing to the Gaeilic Football matches that weekend. So, some other's comments about the street noise are valid - however I wasn't bothered by it and happily figured it to be a part of my Ireland experience! I'm a light sleeper and still slept very soundly during my two nights stay. The room was great - I made use of the kitchen (and the kindly provided food basics), the mattress was comfortable, and the wifi was convenient to plan my first forays into Dublin's city centre. The city is reasonably close and I felt very safe walking around (and getting lost!) in the area. After two days I was comfortable finding my way around. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again!1358 We very much enjoyed Dublin (first time!) and staying in the Mountjoy Square section of the city. The apartment is spacious, beautiful, comfortable and nicely situation (everything within easy walking distance). We loved that Karin met us and shared the ins and outs of the city, and took time to discuss Irish history and point out the sites and restaurant ideas on the map she provided. Karin is very knowledgeable and very proud of her heritage and that really helped us get excited and feel enthusiastic about being there even though we were at the end of a long trip (and feeling ready to head home). By the end of our time in Dublin we weren't ready to leave Ireland; we wanted to stay and see the countryside, etc. We agreed we'd have to return in a couple years and focus our vacation only on that one country. So in conclusion, why would anyone stay in a hotel because for the same price you can stay in an actual HOME? - a furnished apartment with food in the fridge and a welcoming host!1359 Staying at Karin's studio is having the Dubliner living experience for some days! The location is central and excellent neighborhood. The building is very nice, well maintained, decorated with nice ancient furniture. The flat is very comfortable, the kitchen has every thing you may need (even coffee, sugar, salt, etc..), the bath room is very clean (as every thing else), the shower excellent !! Karin has books and DVD's available. There is a bit of noise out from the street but it did not bother us. The bus from the airport stops there!! I recommend staying at Karin's flats in Dublin.1360 great apartment. not much to do in the direct area, but it's a short walk from where all the action is. some people have made reference to the neighbourhood the apartment is in. i had no trouble at all and thought it was a fine neighbourhood. karin was helpful, the apartment was clean and the eggs, toast and fruit she provided was a nice touch.1361 We had a fantastic experience staying in Karin's apartment. It is very centrally located (about a 5-10 minute walk right into the Dublin action). All of the amenities were available, including a selection of DVDs for any jet-lagged folks that are awake in the middle of the night. :)<br/><br/>Karin was extremely helpful in guiding us on what to do during our stay in Dublin. She had fantastic recommendations as well as several stories about each point of interest. <br/><br/>We had a very easy time finding the apartment, checking in, and overall experience. Thank you Karin!1362 We  enjoyed staying here The studio was lovely and clean location great.1363 What a beautiful little studio! I felt very at home and comfortable here, and the little touches such as bread and tea and coffee really made it a great stay. I wish I could have stayed longer and I would definitely stay here again if I come back to Dublin. The bed was very comfortable too. Thanks so much for your hospitality Karin!1364 Great apartment, all you need in a home away from home.  Quiet location yet only a short walk to the city center.  Karin was an amazing host, taking very good care of us as our luggage was lost by our airline and she provided a goodie bag for us with essentials (shampoo, toothpaste, soap, etc...) and also made herself available when the airline called to deliver our bag the day after we arrived.  She made a stressful situation bearable!  We were so grateful to her as we would lost a whole afternoon/day of sightseeing without her flexibility since we did not have a mobile.  Thanks for everything Karin!  And thanks for being such a great host to my mom who stayed in the ground floor apartment a month prior to my visit!1365 We had a great stay at this apartment which was within easy walking distance to everything in Dublin.  Karen was a gracious host and more than helpful, even letting us leave some luggage off before our stay with her when we took a side trip for an extended weekend to Portugal.  We appreciated the food that she left for us, and the homemade banana bread that she made sure that we got after our arrival.  The apartment was very clean and comfortable, stocked with everything you need.1366 wonderful accommodation, well stocked kitchen, worry-free stay.1367 My husband and I stayed at Karin's flat while in Dublin in September 2013.  It is a very historic and charming building and the unit itself was wonderfully appointed.  Karin is a wonderful host, she spent some time with us recommending places to go and not to go.  The map she marked up became our guide for the week.  We would definitely stay there again and highly recommend it!1368 Excellent, very friendly and knowledgeable welcome. Nice, cosy appartment, suitable for two, tastefully decorated and efficiently equipped. Highly recommended, particularly if one favours the literary associations of northern Dublin.1369 Thank you Karin for such a lovely stay!  The studio is incredibly charming and very well maintained, as is the entire building.  Everything we needed was there, including food and coffee that was in the fridge for us!  Bonus was the working fireplace, which just added to the whole feel. There was not one level of detail missed and all of the information laid out for us was extremely helpful.  Thanks again and we highly recommend staying here!1370 Karin's flat is as beautiful and spotlessly clean as the photos suggest. The bed is comfortable and we both slept very well. Karin was a lovely hostess. She was always within reach if we had a question and we felt like we were staying with family. We know Dublin quite well but we appreciated the map provided to help us find some of the local conveniences.<br/><br/>We really appreciated the fresh milk, eggs, soda bread, tea, coffee, and other lovely basics to help us settle into our holiday.<br/><br/>We chose the location on purpose as it's not a tourist area and we like to be away from the noise of pubs. You'll want to be prepared for traffic sounds, but Dublin is a busy city and that will be your experience anywhere. Karin's flat about a 15-20 minute walk to the Temple Bar area.<br/><br/>I only wish we had stayed longer. We were so happy with our stay and we will definitely stay here again when we return to Dublin. Thank you, Karin.1371 The apartment is lovely with all the amenities necessary for a comfortable stay. I didn't get to meet Karin, however she left some delicious homemade banana bread, thanks! Karin's niece, who handled check-in was very friendly and had lots of great tips for enjoying the area.1372 Karin was a lovely host, who had excellent communication. Left voluminous information for my parents and gave wonderful service. Parking and meeting were well-organised, despite Karin not being able to be there. Her knowledge of Dublin was extensive and helped greatly. My parent's trip went with ease. Thanks very much for making their journey so special!1373 Karin and this apartment were absolutely wonderful! Karin met us at the apartment and spent lots of time showing us where we should go to dinner and what we should do in Dublin. She was very sweet and knowledgeable about the city she lives in! She even left us butter, marmalade, bread, muesli, milk, juice and eggs. We had enough to make breakfast both mornings we were there! It was such a treat. She takes wonderful care of the entire building and you can tell. The apartment was comfortable and clean and was in a quiet area that was only not a far walk from the center of town. I would recommend this apartment (or any that Karin was renting) to everyone!1374 Beautiful Georgian flat!!  Great location and easy to find.  Karin was extremely helpful and gave us loads of information regarding Dublin.      We were able to park our car in the back of the house - money went to charity so we were more than happy to accept.  Definitely stay there!1375 What a beautiful place to stay! Knocks the socks off any hotel, and the personal welcome from Karin was priceless. The flat is perfect, well positioned and warm. Thank you Karin for making everything except the marathon a comfortable experience ; )1376 We spent a gorgious stay in Karin's studio! It was exactly like in the pictures: big and practical kitchen with all equipment you could need, nice little room upstairs, cosy fireplace (we built a fire and it was so appreciated with cold outside :))...<br/>Cherry on the cake: Karin is lovely and provides all information you need in a binder (bus times, town maps, ideas to go out...), a lot of books and DVD, and in addition to that there are also some food for guest's arrival (fruits, milk, butter, jam...). Really appreciable!!1377 Beautiful and cozy apartment. Very clean. The location was perfectly walkable to everywhere we wanted to go. Karin was a lively host who provided great insight and information to her city. Highly recommended!1378 A lovely, airy room in a Georgian townhouse on a truly grand scale – and a great place from which to explore Dublin.  Floor-to-ceiling height is huge, but the crafty bed-deck stops it from being overwhelming and gives the feeling of being in a loft apartment all in one room.<br/>The secure parking was, we were advised by Irish friends, a godsend for central Dublin – and so it proved to be. <br/>Although Mountjoy Square is usually squeezed off central Dublin tourist maps, we felt close to the city centre; the river & south side easily accessible on foot.  Karin is a fount of information, and the various intended strands of our visit soon fell into place in her expert hands.  Having only one evening and the following day before departing Dublin, this was a great help.<br/>1379 Great experience overall, the place was just as the photos indicate. Clean, well located and Karin is an excellent host.1380 My daughter and I stayed in this lovely apt at the beginning of Dec. Although Karin was not at home during my visit, she made sure that we got into the apt and everything was taken care of. The actual apt I stayed in ( not this one) and the change was agreed to prior to my arrival was nice but the living room furniture was not very comfortable.  Overall, it was a great location and would love to stay in one of Karin's apts during my next visit to Dublin.1381 We stayed four nights in this lovely apartment.  Both the apartment and host were delightful.  I would highly recommend.1382 Amazing apartment! Clean, beautiful, quirky and most of all Karin the host was kind, helpful and informative! Perfectly located to experience all the Dublin has to offer. Would highly recommend staying here!1383 The space is cozy, georgeus and perfectly outfitted. Karin's recommendations are very useful, we loved everything she recommended. Last but not least, the welcome Karin extended to us was really pleasant. <br/><br/>Only one "but": Some passing traffic noise.<br/><br/>Highly recommendable for couples.1384 A truly special experience of old Georgian Dublin but with all the comforts and mod cons. Karin was an excellent host and provided all sorts of useful tips about where to go and what to see as well as delicious marmalade and luxurious bedlinen. We stayed a whole week and it felt like a home from home. Will definitely go back.1385 Karin is an utterly fantastic host, and her apartment is beautiful. Dublin is a wonderful city, but the opportunity to stay in such a delightful Georgian house was as enjoyable as wandering Dublin's historic streets. The amenities were fantastic; we did a lot of cooking and the kitchen was well stocked. Karin kindly left us muesli, fruit juice and soda bread for when we arrived. <br/><br/>Karin made everything simple, from arrival to departure, and when we return to Dublin we can't imagine staying anywhere else. <br/><br/>1386 Vadym was such a wonderful host! Their home was clean, comfortable, and had a great location. He was so helpful in making our experience in Dublin great!1387 Dublin is a busy city and I would never recommend staying in the city centre. The apartment is two stops from Heuston Station on the tram and the airport bus stops and starts at the station. You walk easily and directly to the accommodation from the tram stop. The building is safe and secure and in a street away from traffic and noise. It's a nice good looking neighbourhood. Vadym welcomed me, showed me around and was always available to answer questions. The room is compact but VERY comfortable and I'm sure the balcony is also lovely in the summer. The bathroom is separate, but for your exclusive use and there is access to the kitchen and living area. It's a modern apartment, fast wifi,  good lighting, and I was particularly impressed by a toilet seat that lights up in the dark! I enjoyed talking to Vadym who is genuinely interested in his guests. Communication was excellent, the space was warm, incredibly clean, and perfect to go back to after long days at a Conference. Thank you for your kindness and hospitality. Take care and have a happy Christmas.1388 We had a wonderful stay at Jose and Vadyms apartment. Very clean, lovely hosts and all the facilities you could need. The breakfast cereals and coffee was a nice touch. Short walk into the city or you can get the tram which stops just outside the apartment blocks. Nice and quiet area. No problems at all. Thank you for having us we will be staying again! Charlotte and Faye1389 My stay with Jose and Vadym was absolutely perfect! They were extremely responsive prior to and during the trip. Furthermore, the apartment was immaculate and conveniently located close to the city center. Vadym was extremely accommodating and warm, which was the icing on the cake. Club at1390 Amazing! Vadym was very easy to coordinate with and lovely to talk to. Great space and location - thank you for making our first visit to Dublin so memorable!1391 Room was great. Bathroom was great. Hospitality was beyond measure. I would give them 5 Stars, overall! Can't wait to do it again!1392 Nice place, nice guys1393 Friendly, Servical, honest.A very accessible place and it is worth doing check-in with them.1394 Vadym was a great host! He was very friendly and provided everything I needed. His place is very modern and comfortable, and it's located conveniently around the corner from the Luas, which takes you straight into the city center.1395 Great hospitality! Val went out of his way to pick me up from tram station very early in the morning to ensure my safety and to let me put my suitcases in the apartment because check in was not for several more hours. <br/><br/>Great location for St Patrick’s Cathedral and Guinness. About a 2 mile walk to St. Stephens Park. <br/><br/>Overall geeat experience!1396 For anyone visiting Dublin, i would definitely recommend this place! Very close to a tram station that takes you to city center. Guiness storehouse is only 5-10min walking distance. Vadym was really helpful and had great communication. Great hospitality! Very clean house with a lovely cat!1397 3 minutes north of Fatima Station which is on the Red Luas line.  2 balconies (one private).  Deep bath with supplied bubbles.  Breakfast cereal and free fruit.  Comfortable bed. Constant 20 degrees which was wonderful as it was 2 outside !!  Terrific company when they were there which wasn't often.  Given own key.  Everything you could wish for. Highly recommend1398 It was our first time not renting an 'entire flat' through AirBnB, so we were a bit anxious to see what it would be like staying in a private room but Jose's place exceeded our expectations and was the perfect way to spend New Years in Dublin. It's an easy tram ride into the city centre, or a quick 20 minute walk, and was the perfect amount of space for two people and all of our luggage. The apartment was clean and Jose was very communicative before we arrived so it was easy to find the place. We felt very welcome and safe, very much appreciated the local tips as well!1399 Excellent communication during whole process. We were arriving early morning after overnight flight and Vadym let us check in early and let us know as soon s  as place was ready. He also greeted us and explained the household. It was great to have a hair dryer and currency converter provided. All in all it was great, easy stay.1400 Lovely and stylish house, just two minutes walking from the Fatima luas station, good linked with the city centre. Clean and comfy, and Vadym (the host) is a really kind person. Really happy about that.1401 The place is really nice and clean and the bed is very comfortable.  Vadym was also helpful and a nice guy to chat with.  He went out of his way to ensure I got my airport taxi at 4:15am which was much appreciated.  For some reason I was expecting to have the place to myself so was suprised when I paid for shared apt.  Maybe it was my bad for not reading the listing properly but for this reason I thought it was a little expensive.  Overall though it was a good stay!1402 Vadym's hospitality was amazing. I think it was one of the best Airbnb experience I've ever had. he was very sweet and helpful with all questions and we hung out once. I recommend for anyone who is interested in Dublin. A literal 10 minute tram ride from outside his home was all that was needed to get into the city center. Great home, great location and awesome neighborhood. Will absolutely visit again1403 Really great place for a short stay,location is easy and directions to the flat were clear and I found it without trouble.1404 The room was very nice and clean, and had all we needed for a long weekend! Vadym was very helpful and lovely.1405 Our stay at their place was fabulous! Vadym was super helpful and welcoming. The apartment is incredibly clean, comfy, tidy, silent and near LUAS that could easily take us everywhere we wanted. We highly recommend their place!1406 Had a wonderful stay!Vadym is very hospitable and does everything to make your stay as pleasant as possible.The room is neatly and nicely dressed and very nice that you can use a private bathroom.1407 Lovely modern apartment, charming and caring hosts and impeccably clean. What more to say. Perfect Airbnb.1408 Vadym gave me a very warm welcome. Jose was not at home. Vadym explained everything about my room and showed me the kitchen and the living room, which we shared. There were free coffee and tea. I also had my own bathroom in the flat. Everything was very clean. Vadim’s communication was extraordinary. After the booking he gave me a lot of tips, such as directions from the airport, where to go and how to access the flat. I can 100% recommend Jose & Vadim's Airbnb.1409 Super moment at Jose & Vadym, <br/> The apartment is very pleasant with a very beautiful decoration. <br/> The place is quiet, the apartment is located in a very quiet residential area. <br/> José wasNot present during our trip but Vadym welcomed our open arms. <br/> The tram to reach the center of Dublin is at the foot of the building and it takes no more than 10 minutes to reach the center. <BR/> Super very relaxing stay!1410 Vadim is a beautiful person and an incredible host. My girlfriend and I stayed 3 nights and it was wonderful. The apartment is clean, quiet and artistically incredible!1411 The house is very welcoming and warm and the private bathroom is very spacious.It is very well connected to the major attractions of the city, through the LUA (Website Hidden by Airbnb) minutes walk from Guinness.Even by taxi, however, it is feasible, we have never spent more than 9 euros to return home in the evening.We had a really good time!1412 Jose&Vadym were very accommodating, they were there when we showed up and gave us a very helpful map and showed us the best way to get to the places we wanted to go and also made a few other suggestions of sites to see. Their home is very clean and modern. And they had coffee and fruit available for your mornings.<br/><br/>Quiet at night but only a block away from the tram system and within walking distance of the Guinness storehouse, which made it easy to get where we wanted to go. <br/>We had to leave very early for our flight (4am) and they very kindly arranged a taxi to pick us up so we did not have to worry about figuring it out.<br/>I’d highly recommend them to anyone staying in Dublin.1413 I had a wonderful experience! He was so accommodating and welcoming. I will definitely come back!1414 Jose & Vadym's place is amazing. It is super convenient, right next to a tram stop. Everything is spotless and totally clean. The bed was the most comfortable I've been in for awhile, I slept like a rock. They are amazing hosts, very friendly and interesting to talk to. A very stylish flat in a quiet area of town, but still well connected. Guinness Storeroom is walkable and the main train station (if your flight is before tram service starts - like mine!)1415 Jose & Vadym have been very quick in their responses to our messages. The check-in procedure went very smoothly and Jose made sure we felt welcome and comfortable. The room itself was clean and light, with a nice balcony. The bathroom was very spacious and comfortable. All in all, a good experience. Thanks.1416 Jose&Vadym's place is a great base to explore Dublin! Walking distance to the city centre and good connection to the airport. They were super flexible as they were around to check us in went we arrived from the airport at midday when outside it was a great sunny day. They could have gone out and check us in later  on but they didn't, thank you!<br/><br/>The room is good size if you are looking for a place to crash after a day getting lost in Dublin with your own bathroom.<br/><br/>I'd totally recommend and stay again at Jose&Vadym's!1417 I only met Vadym, who is a very kind person and makes you feel at home!Their apartment is very pretty, super clean and the bed is to die for so much we sleep well.Vadym is also very attentive for the slightest question.The apartment is very easily accessible in both tram and feet, being away from the center, it allows a certain tranquility and an attractive price.1418 Jose and Vadym's place was great! It's really close to the train station which makes getting anywhere in Dublin easy. The room and bathroom we're completely  ours and both were  very clean. They had extra toiletries in the bathroom in case we needed and even  let us borrow their power plug adapter. They were both very  nice and we would definitely recommend their place!1419 Excellent option for those who go to Dublin.If I can come back again.1420 Vadym, was a great host and he was very welcoming. He was incredibly easy to communicate and at our arrival he recommended places to see and visit in Dublin. Vadym's  flat was really clean and  conveniently located to the city center and public transportation.1421 Vadym is a great host, very pleasent and willing. He gave us lots of tips where to go and respond immediatelly to all our questions. The room is very clean and comfortable, what´s more, we had our own bathrom.<br/>Flat is 2 minutes from tram station and very close to the city center. I recommend Vadim's flat!1422 Very nice place, Vadym was very welcoming and hospitable. We greatly enjoyed being able to catch the tram right across the street!1423 Vadym and Jose's place is full of warmth, hospitality, flexibility, and is spotlessly clean.  Vadym was so quick with communication and support of anything needed. The location next to the tram line is a quick link to the City Centre. Great value and great stay. Thank you!1424 This was a great space, the description was spot on and Vadym was helpful and friendly! We would definitely book with them again!1425 Another fine Airbnb experience. Conveniently located right on the tram line1426 The apartment was very clean and Vadym was very pleasant.1427 Walking distance to tons of attractions and restaurant, across the street from the Luas station, very easy to get around. Extremely clean!1428 had an absolutely amazing stay, the space, towels and bed linens were immaculate. anything I could have wanted or needed was available, from coffee to a hairdryer to international adapters for electronics. the apartment was also very secure and so close to the luas, very very convenient! next time I come to Dublin I will be sure to book again!1429 Vadym's place was absolutely spotless. The kitchen was well organised and very clean. The bedroom was comfortable and the bedding was light and fluffy. Vadym was very accommodating, gave us tips in the area and we had many interesting conversations. An excellent place to stay, ideally located to visit the centre of Dublin daily. Thank you.1430 We loved every minute of our time in Dublin! Vadym was so accommodating , had many amazing suggestions and made all aspects of our trip smooth and enjoyable! Would highly recommend visiting Dublin and staying at this apartment! Great location, great communication, and great hosts!1431 Wonderful stay!1432 Had the best time!the room is perfect,great bed,private bathroom and veranda,spotless!the area is quiet and safe and the location is uniquely close to the tram station.I only meet Vadym who is so polite,sociable and happy person!He gave me a lot of tips and he was available any time.Thank you for a great stay!1433 Vadym’s place was a great place for our quick stay in Dublin! It is very close to the Guinness Storehouse and the tram ride is very convenient to the train station (Heuston) and also for getting into the heart of the city. The apartment was very, very clean- one of the cleanest Airbnb’s I’ve ever stayed in. This was actually my first time staying in a room within an apartment (compared to having the whole apartment to myself) and it was a great first experience. Vadym was very respectful and the apartment was quiet and restful. Moreover, I felt safe and welcomed by Vadym. Although the area around the apartment seemed to be a little ‘rougher’ than other areas of Dublin, the apartment building itself felt very safe and was VERY close to the tram line. Little details: the water pressure in the shower was great, the bed was comfortable, the room had a lovely balcony off it and great blackout curtains for a good nights sleep. It was quiet. The cat was very adorable but didn’t come around much.1434 Our stay at Vadym's place was perfect for us. It had everything we needed or wanted, plus some. The balcony attached to the bedroom was perfect for relaxing at night. Overall we would definitely go back and recommend their place to others.  Vadym also let us drop our bags off early as well as check in early so we were able to get some rest after a long flight!1435 perfect appartment and perfect host!1436 Jose and Vadyms place is a great apartment with a nice room for guests with their own bathroom. The flat was very clean and Vadym was very friendly, accesible and nice to us. We will recommend him to anybody although the flat is a little bit far from the center to walk but you have the Luas station in front of it.1437 Vadym was excellent.The location of the house was perfect a stone's throw from Luas and the center.1438 Apartment very well located.I recommend.1439 It was a lovely place and we had a great time in Dublin!<br/>The room was as nice as described!1440 Teresa and her husband Huey were such great hosts! They provided not only great hospitality but also recommendations, stories and just all around great conversation! I’ll definitely be back to visit so I would definitely recommend them!1441 Very nice people and a great place to stay!1442 We had a lovely time at Teresa’s. It was a very cozy place to stay at. Everything worked out fine! Thank you for having us:)1443 Very nice host. He gave us a few tips and was very helpful. Communication by e-mail is particularly fast and reliable. The location is also very close to the tram station which takes about 10-15 minutes to get to the center. Thank you for your hospitality<br/><br/>1444 Great hospitality from Vadym.  He explained everything to us very clearly. The flat was very cosy and pictures on the profile matched with reality. We recommend your stay by Jose and Vadym.1445 Clean room and bathroom, good location near Fatima station, the environment very quiet, good kitchen to use. Highly recommended. <br/>1446 A very clean and tidy modern flat. Vadym made it very easy for us and made us feel at home. Great communication.1447 Lovely room with balcony. Everything was clean and the location was close to the city centre. Vadym and Jose were great host with nice tips about Dublin so we could really enjoy our trip! Would really recommend it for a short stay.1448 Pictures on the profile match with reality. The room - and the whole appartment - is very clean. Vadym - José was not here - was very nice, he welcomed us like a friend. We felt very comfortable. By Luas it is very easy to travel to the city centre. Also a walk is very well possible. We will definitely keep this address for our next visit in Dublin.1449 Vadym is a gracious, thoughtful and very organized host. The tram is a short distance and accessible to city centre. We had a fabulous time at this airbnb and rank it as one of the best we have stayed at. <br/>~  Frank and Sonia1450 Vadym was super friendly and helpful during our stay. The location is not near the city center so just know there will be a lot of walking. About 20 minutes to Guinness but everything else is 30-40 minutes walk. But the neighborhood seemed safe. Kinda loud during the day with all the kids but quiet at night. Soap and shampoo was available for us to use. Shower was a good size. Very inconvenient location to leave luggage if you arrive before the 5pm check in. About 30-35 minute walk and it costs money to leave the luggage. But that was the only slightly inconvenient thing. Everything else was great.1451 The apartment was very nice and clean! Vadym was so helpful and willing to assist with any questions asked.  About a 15-30 min walk to major Dublin attractions! We had a great time and would love to come back!1452 Jose&Vadym's place is very clean and is located in a quiet neighborhood.  Location is a short distance walk to the city tram.  It is very easy to get to city center.  Extra kudos to Vadym for providing us a smooth check in process.  He also offered us great tips around the city.  Great stay overall!1453 This is a great place to stay if you want a clean, comfortable room in a good location. Jose was very welcoming and made us feel at home. It’s very convenient for the LUAS tram service and we were happy that we followed Jose’s recommendation to buy a three day LEAP card when we arrived at the airport; it made it very easy to get around the city.1454 A nice small apartment  very close  located to the LUAS Tram line. Ideally, when you join in a Congress in the Convention Center.<br/> Jose is a very friendly host! Thanks!1455 Clean and comfortable.  5 minute walk to Guinness Storehouse.  Able to find free street parking very close to apartment.  Very friendly and helpful.1456 Great location for those who want to see downtown Dublin!1457 Very clean, had all of the essentials, comfortable bed with cute patio attached to bedroom, room was equipped with a converter for chargers, across the street from tram, 20-30 min walk to city center.1458 It has been a great experience.I was only two 2 nights, I had the opportunity to meet only Vadym, a very friendly and attentive person.The floor very clean, equal or even better than in the photos.I would certainly repeat.1459 A beautiful apartment centrally located. I spend a while here and managed to get everywhere you'd possibly want to be throughout the city without any difficulty.1460 Great place, great host(s) although i have only met Vadym. <br/>Vadym was very helpful, the place was sparkling clean and comfy. <br/>His kitty is adorcable :)<br/>its a walking distance from city center and there is a tram right next to the building making getting to and out of the neighborhood super easy.1461 It was just e perfact stay!! We felt very comfortable. Everything was well organized. Karin was a really very friendly host.<br/><br/>Thank you very much for everthing. <br/>Cyril & Friends1462 10/10. So clean, Teresa and her husband are so nice and give great suggestions on places to visit. They give you maps for bus and trains and also tour guides info. They are awesome!1463 Teresa's little "Holly Cottage" is the perfect place to spend a few wonderful days in Dublin.Even if the accommodation is a bit outside of Dublin, you can easily reach the city center by bus or train.Apart from the detailed directions and the tips that Teresa sent us before our arrival, we also received support on site with finding the right bus connection or daily activity.<br/> The rooms are very lovingly furnished and you feel directly at home, which is also due to the warm way of the hosts.<br/> I would always like to be Teresa's guest.1464 Teresa and her husband were lovely! They were so helpful in providing insight on where to go to have the best Dubin experience. In addition, it was very clean and stylish. Highly recommend!1465 Great place!Teresa is a top host, very welcoming and full of good advice.<br/> The double room we had was very clean and very comfortable: clean sheets, heated bed, socket adapter.A bathroom is reserved for hosts.<br/> The breakfast buffet was perfect!1466 We have found good and super cheap accommodation!1467 Teresa’s place is a quite locality and is very stylish with very thoughtful touches. She and her husband are very respectful of the person staying at the property and at their toes to help when needed.1468 Hosts were brilliantly helpful. The house was amazing and near everything we were interested in getting to. Also Teresa is a saint. We had a minor scheduling issue and they worked through it with us without a complaint and were super kind through the whole thing. You wont find a more lovely couple in all Dublin and that is saying something. Everyone we met was super nice.1469 Teresa and her husband are really nice hosts!They are extremely warm and nothing is missing.In addition, you get really good insider tips, what you can see.The connection to the city center is optimal and right in front of the door and also in Dundrum yourself you can shop or go out to eat.Clear recommendation!1470 Very kind and sweet people. A pleasure to stay with them!1471 Teresa and Hugh are wonderful hosts in their cozy cottage in Churchtown. Great spot for launching into exploring Dublin.1472 If you want to love Dublin, you must first reside at Teresa.You will be made to feel very welcome in a warm, quiet and impeccable setting.Very well advised and directed.Being a bit out of the way will allow you to discover the Dublin life!1473 Both of our hosts were very helpful. It's very easy to get to the house from the airport and to Dublin. Great experience!1474 Great location with easy transport links. Nice friendly atmosphere and lovely hosts.1475 Teresa and Hugh were both amazing, kind, helpful and thoughtful. I love my stay in their beautiful and comfortable home and would choose to stay with them again should the occasion arise once more. Highly recommended! Great location for shopping, the mountains, sea and Dublin centre, very close to transport links too if you don't have a car!1476 Teresa is adorable.The breakfast is generous and a real advantage in a super pleasant and bright kitchen which gives on the garden.The room is comfortable and very quiet like the neighborhood.A nice pub at the end of the street (full of good gins & whiskey for amateurs).Bus 14 which takes 100 meters further serves the city center in approximately 30 minutes with good correspondence for the airport and the DART.He spends every quarter of an hour and finished the service at 11:30 p.m.The Luas Vert is not very far: about 10 minutes walk and brings to the city center in about 20 minutes.1477 We had a wonderful time at Teresa’s place! The room and the house are neat and clean, the bed really comfortable! Teresa and her husband are really charming and will recommend you the best place of Dublin to visit. Thanks for all the advices and see you surely soon!1478 Despite the late hour we wer greeted super friendly. Our room was perfectly equipped,  clean and big enough for two people. Breakfast was included in the price and there was a lot of choice. The house is super cozy and the two hosts (Hughie and Teresa) are super nice and lovely. We felt right at home. With the bus or the train/tram one arrive within 20 minutes in the City centre. The connections are good. I would recommend the accommodation to anyone who doesn't want to live right in the centre of Dublin. You could also meet some other guest and have nice conversation with them. Dundrum is a very beautiful and idyllic place. Perfect holiday with a perfect accommodation :)1479 Very nice hosts, all good.1480 Gorgeous backyard with plenty of seating, beautiful kitchen with 3 walls of windows, and free parking on site! They are very friendly people with a lovely home.1481 What a wonderful little home with warm and caring hosts! I could not recommend Teresa and her husband more; they were both happy to tell us about different places to visit in the area and were interested in learning about our lives back in the States. Our room was cozy and had everything we needed for our week-long stay. The Holly Cottage was the perfect home-away-from-home for our first trip to Ireland and we couldn't have asked for better hosts.1482 Theresa’s place is fantastic - I stylish and tidy Irish house far from the city center but very accessible with the bus - the ride offers the possibility of capturing the city’s beauty :) You also benefit of a breakfast with a view - part of the kitchen’s walls are made of glass and you can see the beautiful garden. <br/><br/>She was very hospitable and offered a lot of information regarding places to visit as tourists. <br/><br/>I would gladly return there!1483 T and Huey are so awesome!! Their house is sooo cute and very close to the 14 bus that takes you into town. They are also very helpful with tips around the town, and on what you should do. Highly recommend!1484 Fantastic host. Felt like home1485 Very friendly and helpful people, they are very organized and have a good system1486 Beautiful home and amazing hosts! I would definitely book with them again.1487 Teresa was very friendly and patient with us, although we had some unexpected changes in our travel plan. The flat was very comfortable, tidy and nice. The breakfast was also very good. During the night the water heater turned on every now and then, which was quite noisy and kept waking the sleeper up. However, we can highly recommend Teresa’s place!1488 Very warm welcome!Teresa guided us even before we asked for information.Very clean house, very kind people.1489 We spent a lovely week-end at Teresa's place. The cottage is very well situated, it's very easy to get to the city centre and Teresa and her husband provided us with all the information we needed about public transport, places to visit etc. The house is cosy and clean, the bedroom really nice, the only problem is the water heater which is really noisy and kept waking us up at night. But for the rest of it, it was a great stay and we thank Teresa and her husband for their hospitality !1490 A great alternative to an expensive Dublin hotel. Teresa is so friendly and it is truly lovely to come back to a suburban atmosphere when travelling. Simple transport options into Dublin City.1491 Such a welcoming place to stay near Dublin. The cottage was even cuter than we could have imagined, and the hospitality made us feel at home. Would definitely come again.1492 Teresa and her husband are very hospitable and open.We were happy to talk to you and therefore felt really comfortable in the apartment.Shops etc. are easy to reach on foot, including the trip to/from the airport or parts of the Wicklow Way are very simple.I can recommend the accommodation.1493 The cottage is nice, a bit away from the city center. Bright kitchen where self service cold breakfast is served. Room not big but cozy. Good value for money! Thanks!1494 Teresa and her husband have a wonderful small house in churchtown. To the City Center it takes you about 30 to 45 minutes.<br/>We had a nice little double room. In the bathroom it can get a bit busy,  as three room share one bathroom with toilet. <br/>Breakfast is continental and good.1495 Amazing place to stay in a superb location, hosts are lovely. Would highly recommend.1496 Comfortable accomodation, convenient for Dublin amenities. Lovely hosts.1497 Teresa and her husband run a lovely B&B. The rooms, while modest, are comfortable and very clean. Their location is well situated to grab public transit and Teresa is wonderful with help to get out and about with suggestions and directions. The only suggestion I have is for folks that are light sleepers and that is to bring ear plugs. The cottage is lovely, but there are noises in the early evening with other guests using the common washroom etc. Not unexpected with common facilities.1498 My stay at Karin's apartment was perfect. This was my first Airbnb stay and if they're all like this I won't stay in a hotel again. The apartment was in a very nice building and was cleaner than I could have imagined. Karin woke up very early to accommodate our arrival and was very pleasant. There were no surprises in regards to the apartment and Karin left us some breakfast foods and coffee which was great! The apartment was located perfectly so a ten minute walk will get you to anything you need. I would highly recommend staying if you're looking for a place in Dublin.1499 My sister, her son and I had a wonderful stay in Karin's beautiful apartment.  It is the ideal place to stay when visiting Dublin.  It is in a great location as the apartment is very near to the city centre - within easy walking distance of O'Connell St. (less than a 10 min walk in).  The apartment  is really lovely, it is beautifully maintained and has everything needed for a really comfortable stay. Karin is a wonderful and welcoming host.  I would highly recommend both Karin and her wonderful apartment and would definitely stay in this apartment again - a very unique place.  Rosemarie1500 It's all been said before in every review left for Karin and every word of it is true, Karin and her apartment are exceptional. She was completely available for any questions or concerns prior to arriving as well as during our stay. Left for us to enjoy were homemade banana bread, tea, coffee, juices, fruit, yoghurt, eggs, and milk. Her kitchen is stocked with every imaginable pot and pan needed to prepare any meal in the lovely kitchen. <br/><br/>The flat is exquisite, yet comfortable and homey with a cosy couch and plenty of DVDs or books to enjoy by the fire. Karin provided tons of literature about Dublin along with maps of the area and guides for every tourist attraction in the city. She also has adapters available so as to easily convert our U.S. plugs to fit the Irish outlets - extremely convenient. <br/><br/>The Mountjoy area is beautiful and an excellent neighbourhood. It's location is far enough from the city to avoid crazy amounts of people and tourists, but convenient enough so that all the sights are an easy walk from the flat. Markets for groceries are nearby and quite reasonable. <br/><br/>My highest recommendation regarding Karin and her incredible apartment!1501 The room and bed are very comfortable. I only met Vadym, but he was very welcoming and hospitable. I would definitely stay here again.1502 Fantastic house and a fantastic host. Felt welcome from the first minute I met Vadym. The house surpassed my expectations. Vadym and his partners place are a credit to the Air B&B community.1503 Vadym is a wonderful host, he will always be ready to give you the perfect addresses for visiting or eating or finding out. Don't be afraid to go alone because Vadym is probably the nicest person in Dublin, you can only become friends with him. His apartment is nickel, he's close to everything and he has all the modernity and comfort that we need. It was a perfect stay!1504 Vadym host very relational, friendly, listening, José Contact very responsive in message and friendly.Their apartment is described as the photos.Quiet location easy access by information from José and Vadym.Keeping touch by offering breakfast.Easy location access access bus 747 up to finish line and tram 2 stops.time a good 45 minutes.Housing on the GUINESS Factory and ACCES JERVIS 15 minutes for the Church ad for Fan U2.With joy to return home.1505 We stayed in Dublin for the first time between 8 and 10 November and it was a beautiful experience.First of all, reaching the Jose & Vadym house from the airport was very simple thanks to the indications provided by Vadym, and also from there move to the center with the tram, very fast.Excellent location of the accommodation.Vadym is very hospitable and kind, we found it at home to welcome us and gave us a lot of useful indications on places to eat well and how to move to reach the tourist places we wanted to see, it was really very helpful.Their house is wonderful, furnished with a lot of taste, bright, clean, with many plants.Our room was very warm and welcoming, with many blankets and cushions, and gave a balcony with chairs and a table, arranged with care.The bathroom is large and complete with everything.There was also everything you need for a good breakfast, we highly recommend it!Vadym is really a nice kind and nice person, in an Italian word we could use "cure" to describe his way of doing, his attention, (Website hidden by Airbnb) in English we would say that: Vadym Hosted Us with Really Great Care,With the Heart.We are really happy to have been their guests.1506 Excellent more than "superhost."Vadym's attention and communication was perfect, always predisposed to help, advise and always be aware.<br/> As for the apartment it is very beautiful, decorated with great style and then you, you have your room with a balcony and private bathroom.The area is very nice and safe.To give you an idea, I can add that I always walk everywhere, you get very easy. <br/> to return to Dublin would not hesitate to meet the boys again.!A hug!1507 Jose&Vadym's place was just what we needed for our stay in Dublin. Safe, central and clean. Would recommend for anyone looking for a place to lay their head in-between sight seeing.1508 I booked this place because of the wonderful reviews and I was not led astray! Jose and Vadym's place is the perfect location for the value. My boyfriend and I walked to the Guinness storehouse, Stephen's Green, Grafton Street and Temple Bar from the Bnb. The place itself was so nice, comfortable bed, our own guest bathroom and full access to the kitchen, coffee, tea, fruit, etc. Vadym was so kind and welcoming. Would definitely stay here again if I needed to go back to Dublin for a good price and a friendly face :)1509 I highly recommend Jose&Vadym’s apartment. It’s well located and really tidy and organised. Would definitely go back when I’m in Dublin again.1510 Perfect location on a tram connection.Nice host and reception.Nice space.Recommended1511 What an amazing place, only 5 minute tram ride to the city centre and the Guinness Storehouse only being 8minute walk away.<br/><br/>immaculate room with our own bathroom and shower. <br/><br/>the bed is incredibly comfortable which is always a massive plus! and made to feel very welcome.<br/><br/>thank you and overall would highly recommend1512 Beautiful quiet apartment easily reached on the tram line. I only met Vadym, who is a warm & welcoming host. My stay couldn’t have been better. I highly recommend.1513 The house is beautiful, the room is very very nice!The thing that stands most is the cleaning of the house and the kindness and availability of Vadym and Jose! <br/> The house is a stone's throw from the Luas stop, about twenty minutes walk from Temple Bar and Guinness Storehouse.<br/> Vadym was very kind to call the taxi for us for the return to the airport!Really superhost!:)1514 Perfect visit to Ireland!  Jose & Vadym were the perfect hosts. We didn’t get to spend much time with them....we were sightseeing most of the time. They were very helpful & friendly.  It is very close to transportation but we walked most of the time. It was a perfect safe place for a mother-daughter trip!! Thanks so much!!!1515 This is the perfect place to stay in Dublin, if you want to avoid noise and traffic center. Everything is perfect, nothing much to say really. Highly recommend!!!1259 Feel at home1260 Very nice apartment, lovingly equipped and decorated.There was a bus stop right on the doorstep, it was only about 15 minutes on foot to the tram. <br/> also a very nice reception and extensive information about the city etc. of Teresa and her husband.1261 Teresa's place would be ideal for people who would prefer (like us) a quiet place for the night after a noisy and a busy day in the city. Very comfortable bed too in a nice cozy room. The area (beautiful neighborhood) is really well connected to the city center and you can get Leap Card for 1, 3 or 7 days which cuts down the costs for public transport and you can travel from-to the airport and around Dublin as much as you want. I loved talking to Teresa - she is a lovely and intelligent person and a great host too, making you feel like at home. She was also very good at providing us, in advance, prior of our visit, with detailed information on how to get to her place and with recommendations what to visit in Dublin and around.1262 Teresa & Hugh are very friendly and informative. Their house is located near public transportations and a walking distance to 2 big shopping malls. Recommended to those who are looking for quiet and suburb neighborhood.1263 Teresa and her husband were incredible hosts. The cottage is lovely and located right next to a bus stop to take you into town. I couldn't recommend their place more!1264 Teresa's cottage was wonderful. It was very clean and tidy. It is very easy to get from the city centre and vice versa, as the bus stop is just a minute's walk from her , different touristic destinations also recommended some tours. They were very informative. On the plus side they also providew breakfast! I highly recommend booking  Teresa's cottage.1265 Teresa and Hugh are perhaps the nicest hosts I've ever stayed with! They provide you with detailed information about how to get to and from the city center, as well as great suggestions for attractions (I highly recommend taking the dart out to the sea village of Howth!). The room was clean, and the kitchen was stocked with a great spread of breakfast items. While this house is a little farther out from the city center, public transportation is super close and easy to navigate. My partner and I enjoyed heading into the city and then returning to Teresa and Hugh's house where things were a little more laid back. I would stay here again in a heartbeat!1266 Very tmible cottage with small rooms and located outside the center - very quiet with very good traffic connections!Really nice and helpful host.We recommend.1267 It is very nice location, people and comfort bed. Easy to go by train to Dublin (with luas 15 min.). Tereas helps every time. Thanks1268 Teresa's place was absolutely adorable! Very comfortable and cozy, with exceptional hosts! Just outside of Dublin, it was a very easy 15min trip via bus or tram to the center of Dublin. There was also a very lovely shopping center and collection of restaurants within a 5min walk, and the neighborhood was very calm and quiet. Very easy to travel around and navigate without a car. I'm 6 months pregnant, and even so, everything was a very easy trip from their house. Teresa and her husband were amazing hosts and made us feel very welcome and at home. They gave us great directions and tips for things to do, as well as being great conversation over a cup of tea. We very much hope to stay here again for future trips!1269 Teresa and her husband are the best hosts we had.10 stars for them.From the first minute they made us feel at home.Teresa went to look for the Dundrum bus stop.They received us with Cotillon from San Patricio.They gave us very good recommendations.They are loving, friendly, nice.The best people in Ireland.We felt very comfortable, they were very attentive, the room is beautiful and its house is very warm.Breakfast is unbeatable.Cleaning is perfect.THANK YOU!!!!They made our stay in Dublin a lovely experience.We hope to come back soon!1270 Teresa and her husband are absolutely amazing hosts! Her home is beautiful, it made us feel at home (super comfy beds!) We arrived a little later than expected and they welcomed us with open arms. Close to public transportation that drops you off directly in the downtown area of Dublin. The complementary breakfast was amazing especially, if you love jellies and jams like we do!1271 Our hosts were very hospitable.  They made sure to help us in any way that they could.  Being it our first time to use airbnb, they went above and beyond all our expectations.  Giving us information on the weather and how to navigate the area properly was also very helpful.  If they gave us any instructions, they made sure to do it to a "T".  Their house was tiday, the Bedroom was well tended to, and our breakfasts each morning were wholesome.  All in all, our first experience makes us want to explore airbnb more.  Thanks go out to Teresa and her husband for helping to make our first stay on our Honeymoon memorable!1272 The accommodation somewhat outside the city center is well developed by bus and tram.It has a parking space for cars.The hosts are a very friendly, helpful and open -minded couple.The accommodation is clean and everything is ready for breakfast to make yourself.The accommodation can be highly recommended.1273 Everything was as described, although we arrived later, this was not a problem.Very nice and everything is very clean only to be recommended1274 Transportation was good with a bus right out front, and faster train 10 to 15 walk away, nice kitchen and back garden to enjoy breakfast or evening  drink , Teresa was always asking us if we needed anything1275 We enjoyed our stay inTeresa's home. Comfy bed, good selection of breakfast foods and easy bus connection to downtown. Nice to be able to relax in their lovely private back yard. <br/>Friendly helpful hosts.1276 Teresa and her husband are wonderful and very nice hosts.A short walk can be achieved well with public transport and thus the city center.There is also a city center in Dundrum itself by there are many localities!The other visitors to the Holy Cottag were very nice and always for a little conversation!If there were any questions, Teresa were always very helpful!It is definitely worth a trip :)1277 Peace and quite a pleasant place with great transport into the city ( trams great)1278 We had a great time staying at Teresa’s place. It had everything we needed, great location and we were left to our own devices for the weekend. Highly recommended.1279 Theresa and her husband are very warmhearted and friendly hosts for a bed and breakfast stay in dublin. A bit outside the Center but easy to go by Tram or Bus. Lidl and other Shops, also a few Restaurants are close by. Highly recommend!1280 Teresa was very helpful and friendly, great location if you are staying near Dundrum.1281 The friendliest hosts your likely to meet,warm and genuine with a lovely home and garden to match. Great location for anyone visiting the city with Luas nearby as well!1282 Teresa and her husband are wonderful hosts. They are super friendly and make you feel at home as soon as you walk through the door. There is a spacious kitchen with a lovely view into the garden. It's a 10 minute walk to the Luas (=Tram), which will take you to the centre in 12 minutes. If you don't want to walk, you can also take the bus that stops infront of the house. Dundrum is a nice and quiet neighbourhood with a big shopping centre you can easily reach on foot.1283 Despite our late arrival due to a 5 -hour delay at Térésa airport warmly welcomed us.Perfectly clean accommodation, nice kitchen with all you want for breakfast.The House.Is not in the center of Dublin but it is easily accessible thanks to the Luas 10min from walking.Térésa does not hesitate to come to you in order to exchange and give you the best advice for your visit to Dublin and Ireland in general.Thank you again to her and her husband for this great stay1284 We had the  wonderful opportunity to stay at  a very special Oval Georgian Studio for 2 nights while visiting Dublin - I cannot think of any better accommodations that we could have enjoyed.<br/>The  cozy studio had all modern amenities - with original 15 ft ceilings and  wonderful 10 foot  windows allowing  plenty of light -<br/>Location was excellent - we rented a car upon leaving the city and walked easily to the city center and beyond - <br/><br/>Karin gave us wonderful advice  concerning places to eat , pubs with original Irish music, museums to visit etc. I just wish we had more time to explore!<br/><br/>I highly recommend her studio, it accommodated  three of us nicely. She even made a recommendation on the Dingle Peninsula  that we ended up visiting as well!<br/><br/>Karin is a native of Dublin, knows her city intimately and has restored her Georgian building with the utmost of care.<br/><br/>1285 The appartment is superb and very confortable. The location is most convenient and overall Karin is sharing her knowledge of her town with so much passion that we fall in love with Dublin. Her advices were of very good value. She provided such a welcome we were quite astonished.  Again the house and appartment is wonderful, we will come again for sure .1286 Karin's hospitality and advice was outstanding which added to our happy visit to Dublin. The Georgian apartment was well equipped, cosy and of course charming. Why would you ever stay in a hotel when you can have your very own Georgian experience in Dublin .1287 Great location! We were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go during our stay. The apartment was clean and very nice.  One word of advice, if you want hot water you need to make sure you turn the heat/water thermostat on to let the water tank heat up.<br/><br/>Karin was very accommodating and we would recommend the apartment to anyone. <br/>1288 Karin is a gracious and warm host who has lived in Mount Joy Square neighborhood for many years, and it was a pleasure talking with her. Nothing beats the advice of a local and all her recommendations from restaurants to site seeing were spot on! The Georgian apartment was as charming as depicted in the photos, but was also outfitted with modern comforts such as a fully equipped kitchen and renovated bathroom. I was concerned about the hot water system, but Karin explained it in detail, and we did not have to worry about adjusting the system because we had enough hot water for our showers (which were a good pressure btw.). Karin also generously provided fruit, home-made granola, Irish breakfast tea and other goodies for breakfast and was available in the building in case we needed anything. We wish we could have enjoyed this gorgeous studio for more than just 2 days!1289 Stay here!!! Fantastic location, amazing host, absolutely beautiful places and delicious breakfast included!!! Thank you for a wonderful stay!!!1290 We had an excellent experience in the Oval Georgian Studio!!! The apartment is beautiful and very comfortable! The must is the cosy fire place!!! And Karin is a perfect host: she's a charming and interesting person and she had plenty of things to learn us about Dublin! In conclusion the Oval Studio is the best place to stay in Dublin!1291 We had a great time in Dublin. Karin was a great host. The place is so cool that during our stay even a movie scene was taken in the other (identical) Studio.<br/>The only downside was that it was a bit more walking than expected - but with all the good food in Dublin that was maybe even very much needed :-)1292 Karin's flat was quite lovely. We arrived and picked up the keys with no problem. The flat was clean, and it was just as it was described online. It was conviently located to the city center, major attractions and right in front of the bus stop to the airport. We had a great stay and can definitely recommend!1293 Good starting point for a tour through Dublin. Vadym and Jose are very nice and always have an open ear for questions. <br/>The information they sent us before our trip were very helpful.<br/>Absolutely recommendable.1294 Very close to public transportation, which was great!1295 Vadym and Jose were amazing hosts. Very helpful and incredibly hospitable. They offered suggestions on where to go in Dublin and how to get around the city. Their place was immaculate and exactly as described. The tram stop is a minute walk if that from their place and takes you downtown Dublin easily. I would happily stay here again and highly recommend Vadym and Jose's place!1296 The room was lovely and the whole apartment was spotless. The hosts couldn't have been more welcoming, making us really feel at home, giving us advice on good places to go and directions to get places. We tried a restaurant that they suggested which was amazing. Such a lovely stay, if ever came to Dublin would definitely stay here again1297 Convenient, quiet accommodations in a lovely apartment. We wished we could have stayed longer!1298 A very cozy place, with very attentive hosts! <br/> The house is not in the center, but the tram is at the door and walking is very good.I would repeat with them, of course!1299 The room and all the spaces of the apartment are flawless. Vadym & O Jose is besides friendly and <br/> helpful, excellent people.1300 I had a wonderful stay with Jose and Vadym. They were helpful and accommodating. Everything was just as they said in their listing. The room was very clean and extremely quiet. There's a convenient cafe just downstairs where you can grab a quick breakfast.<br/><br/>Overall, it was a very pleasant stay and I wouldn't hesitate to go back.1301 Vadym and Jose have a really nice place and you are welcome like friends.<br/>Vadym make us delicious gluten free cake. He suggest us to use the place as it is ours.<br/>Really great days.<br/>The apartment is really close to the tram. You can visit all dublin by public transport.<br/>They gave us good advice to visitbthe city,  free tour for Dublin Castle, free museum...<br/>Really great<br/>We will come back!!1302 Very clean and tidy room in a location only 5 minutes on the tram from Dublin City centre 👍🏼 Vadym and Jose are really nice guys and are happy to help with any queries you might have. For the price, I'd highly recommend.1303 Vadym's and Jose's place is a great place to stay in Dublin. It's close to the tram which will get you closer to the city centre, and their home is located close to the Guinness Storehouse, which you should not miss! The place was comfy, the bed was great, the room very spacious and they had great wi-fi too. Vadym and Jose were really great hosts, although Vadym had to leave, Jose helped me a lot with suggestions and advices on how to move around and what to see, he was also, very friendly and welcoming. There's no doubt that this is a great place to stay in Dublin!1304 The place is better than the photos, very nice and clean.<br/> They received us very kindly and indicated data about the city.<br/> We recommend it 100%1305 Amazing Host. Wonderful stay. Recreation center and cafe next door. Within walking distance of all of Dublin's major sites.1306 Great place, great people. Loved it!1307 We had a fantastic stay at Vadym and Jose's place. We were only in Dublin for a short visit, but Jose was very kind, friendly, and helpful (we unfortunately didn't have the chance to meet Vadym, as he was out of town). The building was quiet and very close to the Luas tram station, which made getting into the city centre a breeze! We would definitely recommend this place to other travellers!1308 The flat was very clean and tidy,  great location just in front of the tram stop. Jose and Vadym are great hosts. Highly recommend1309 Vadym and Jose were wonderful hosts and very helpful! Very nice room and close to public transportation to get around Dublin1310 An absolutely positive experience from the first communication to the end of the trip.Vadym sent me tips for the arrival and shortly before arrival there was another agreement on how to get to the apartment, which I found very personable and helpful.The location of the apartment is cheap, the tram is almost around the corner and you are also on foot after 15 minutes in the city center.Vadym and Jose are both totally friendly and helpful and we felt very welcome to the two - we could even wash our laundry, thanks again;) <br/> absolutely recommended. <br/>1311 Vadym was very nice and welcoming, if we are to go back to Dublin we'll  definitely try to go back to his place.1312 Vadym was amazing as a host. The places is beautiful and comfortable! We will def coma back. He was kind, gaved us a lot of tips and open to help all the time. We had an excellent time!1313 This has been my 4th stay at Vadym's home and I look forward to more stays in the future if I am blessed enough to return to Ireland. I have always felt very welcomed and at home.  Being a single adventurer, I am careful about where I stay. Vadym's is located centrally for transportation and I have found that parking is convenient. Vadym is a very gracious host and we have had many very interesting conversations. He is truly a "Super Host".1314 Vadym is a gentleman who came down to bring us up to his place when we reached the area around 11pm as the area was very quiet. The Tram Station to the city centre is only a 2-3mins walk. Vadym went out of his way to get my lost phone which I dropped in the taxi to his place. He is such a kind and friendly host, will definitely choose his place when I visit Dublin again.1315 Vadym's place was lovely and very close to public transportation. He was super friendly and was easy to reach if I needed anything. I definitely recommend staying here!1316 Very nice place to visit Dublin. A Little Walk to the center, but not too long. The room is comfortable and Vadym and Jose are very nice.1317 10 min walk away from Guinness storehouse where you can take hop on/off bus, tram stop opposite apartment and made to feel very welcome by a great host in a clean, tidy apartment.1318 Nice place, friendly hosts, good connection to the city (red line), uncomplicated1319 The room and bathroom are clean and it is a very cozy apartment.They are very friendly.The only bad thing is that it is a bit away from the center to walk, but it is right next to the Guinness factory.1320 Perfect place for exploring Dublin with friendly hosts.1321 we stayed 2 nights at vadyms and joses apartment and had a great time. <br/>everything was more then we expected, the room was very clean and comfortable, the bed was super comy. we really liked our own bathroom it was super tidy. our host were so nice and lovly, they helped us with everything. the next tram is just a view minutes around the corner and it takes you to the city center, we even walked the 30 min there. we highly recommend staying here because it's close to city center but in a quiet area.1322 Very pleasant, I recommend for any stay in Dublin!1323 Very nice cottage, lovely hosts1324 Teresa is a wonderful person. She has so many contacts and advice.  The place has really good transports links and is very nice. <br/>It's very good to meet other people from other countries coming to Dublin. <br/>The breakfast is good too.1325 Hose & Vadym were perfect hosts for our 2 nights in Dublin. Hose gave us our own key so we were able to come and go as we pleased which was fantastic. The apartment block is right next to the Fatima tram stop which made traveling into Dublin city centre stress free, only €4.80 for a day return ticket. The room itself was very clean and has its own balcony, private bathroom also very clean with a good shower. Overall very comfortable stay would recommend!!1326 There is no better place to stay in all of Dublin, I am certain. Vadym and Jose were by far the kindest hosts we have ever had the pleasure of staying with. Not only was the place central, easily accesible, extremely clean, beautiful and comfortable, they make you feel so welcome you won't want to leave! Don't look any further. Thank you both, we hope to see you again very soon!1327 Vadym and Jose were wonderful hosts-very welcoming! Everything was clean, the bed was comfy, and the patio was wonderful! Highly recommend1328 The property is approx. 2.5 km away from the city center Dublin.The room was really cozy, bright and calm.WiFi and coffee machine worked great and the hosts were always ready for entertainment.Otherwise the accommodation of the description and the vote regarding the arrival and departure was very simple and it was always answered quickly.Highly recommended for a (short) visit to Dublin.1329 Jose & Vadym are really nice! Thema check in was easy and Thema apartment easy to find (with the Pictures!). We traveled by luas everytime we went to city centre, Temple Bar or back.1330 Thank you Vadym for letting us stay in your place while we visited Dublin. It was very close distance via tram to the city centre.1331 Vadym and José were friendly and informative. They did everything possible to make our stay in Dublin a memorable one. Thanks guys!1332 The accommodation of Vadym and José was just great for our short dublin stay (3 nights).Although it is not directly in the city center, you can still reach a lot on foot.The apartment is very clean and tidy.You don't notice anything from the city noise.In addition to our own room, we also had a large bathroom for our own use.José was very warm, gave us Dublin tips and was always open to a conversation (Vadym was not there during our stay).We can only recommend the accommodation!1333 We had a very good WE at Vadym and José: 2 pleasant, simple and welcoming artists ... We quickly feel at home and they are always ready to do service with conviviality and discretion ... Thank you to them.1334 Vadym and Jose were the perfect hosts during our recent stay in Dublin ( Sep /17 ). They have a lovely apartment near the Fatima tram( LUAS ) stop. <br/><br/>They  were the perfect hosts and they made our stay in Dublin truly memorable. <br/>We had excellent instructions on how to get to their place; equally importantly, Jose came across the moment we let him that we had arrived at the Fatima tram stop and guided us in. Much appreciated.<br/>Thoughtful touches like offering us the use of the umbrella, adaptor plug and permitting us to leave the luggage when we went on the day we were checking made it all very special for us .Must also mention that I had endless cups of coffee using the coffee maker... Jose very kindly helped me over the mysteries of operating it :-)<br/>We also appreciated the many conversations we had with both Vadym and Jose on topics of mutual interest. <br/>Would be very happy to recommend them to our friends when ever any of them  plan to visit Dublin<br/>Shekar<br/>( Chandrasekaran )1335 Jose and Vadym are experts at hosting! They are thoughtful and kind!1336 It was really great for the two!Everything was very clean and tidy! <br/> We would be happy to come back to you !!1337 The stay with Vadym and Jose was very, very good!We were very warmly welcomed by the two and the apartment was shown to us.We had a room for 2 people and our own bathroom with shower.The apartment was very clean and was very stylish.We were allowed to use the kitchen and the living room completely.<br/> Immediately after our check-in we drank a tea and the two marked us all noticeable points in Dublin on a card.We also received clues in which attractions too much money is required for too little performance.The tips were incredibly helpful and at this point I would like to thank you again.The apartment has a very good location and you are on foot in the city center within 15 minutes.It was very nice that the two always took a lot of time for us.The two are incredibly great hosts and I can only recommend a visit to Dublin with Vadym and Jose.:-)1338 Everything as described;No complaints.Very friendly hosts;Location calm and therefore a little outside.10 minutes with the tram and 35 minutes on foot to the city center.Very suitable as a starting point!1339 Stayed for two nights. Clean, compfy and quiet location. Everything as described.1340 Jose and Vadym’s place is very convenient and accessible from the airport, and to Dublin City Centre. Their apartment is very clean and neat. The room is of a very comfortable size and there is even a balcony attached! They even provide additional blankets and pillows just in case guest require additional amenities.<br/><br/>They are wonderful hosts and I highly recommend their apartment for travelers looking to put up in Dublin! Thank you for the wonderful stay!1341 This place was exactly what I needed for my long weekend in Dublin! I'm a solo female traveler and usually stay in hostels but was craving some quiet, and his place really delivered. Sooo comfy and quiet and location is perfect (a 2 min walk to the tram that takes you straight to the center). They were so kind and helpful too. Thank you guys!!1342 Vadym was a great host. He went out of his way to accommodate us. The apt. was clean and neat and well equipped. Though out from Dublin center, there was a tram stop a block away. Also enjoyed a restaurant for breakfast across the way.1343 The apartment was lovely, the kitchen well equipped including organic eggs, milk, bread, butter and jams, the bed was comfortable. We are happy walkers and walked our way across Dublin.1344 Karin was incredibly helpful in providing us with advise and suggestions on things to do and places to eat during our 2 day stay in Dublin, which really helped us get the best out of it.<br/> Accommodation is quite conveniently placed for seeing the sights, and well equipped  with everything you could need, and comfortable  for a short stay. <br/>Feel obliged to  highlight that the Ceiling of bedroom mezzanine floor  is a little low for some (such as 6ft3 husband), and space managed  well through use of low (futon style) bed.<br/>1345 The actual room was exactly as the pictures showed. Our hosts were extremely accommodating and friendly. Our lodging was within easy walking distance of the city and it's attractions, and the public transport was easy for those things not easily walked. The kitchen was well supplied. Would heartily recommend this choice for anyone coming to Dublin looking for a central location.1346 I recommend this apartment very highly. It's a really beautiful room in a lovely building, with a sweeping Georgian staircase. It's a great size for two people and we could have happily stayed there longer without ever feeling cramped. The kitchen is really well equipped, and the living area is very comfortable and cosy, as is the bed. There was bread, marmalade, juice, butter, eggs, milk, tea and coffee on arrival - a really thoughtful touch which helped us to settle in. Everything is absolutely spotless and arrival and departure were really smooth and helpful. <br/><br/>My one tip would be to bring a dressing gown - I usually don't when I'm travelling and there is an absolutely huge and very gorgeous window which made me worry that the residents of Mountjoy Square would get more than they bargained for! <br/><br/>Like other former Dublin residents, I had my doubts about the area, but it was completely unproblematic. Everyone was really friendly, we had some nice walks into town and jumped into one of the area's plentiful taxis when we were tight for time. We'll be back. <br/>1347 Teresa and Hugh were great! The home is exactly as described, our bed was nice and comfy, and we had some very convenient touches provided like usb charge ports and the use of a converter. As soon as we arrived, we got a wonderful detailed rundown of the place, things to do, and transit. Overall, it made for a lovely stay and a good jumping off point to explore Dublin and the surrounding areas.1348 Top location, stylish home, marvelous breakfast buffet, great hospitality and wonderful hosts! I have now words to explain how great it was! I really didn´t expected it to be so good. We are so grateful and we can only recommend Teresa & Hughie1349 Teresa’s home was great for the weekend! A little far from the city center, but not too far of a walk from the tram station; she provided excellent instructions to help find it. Wonderful breakfast, and very comfortable accommodations. Quiet and safe neighborhood - 2 girls in our 20s, felt perfectly safe walking to and from public transportation late at night. She had no problem with us coming and going late at night as well; she gave us our own key to get in and out of the house and the room.1350 Excellent for a short trip to Dublin. The city center is easily reachable via Tram. Teresa is a friendly and helpful host, our room was warm and cozy.1351 Wonderful hosts to stay with outside of Dublin! Great hosts that are very informative and friendly.1352 We had a wonderful time at the Georgian Studio. Although the owner was out of town, her family members met us at the door and provided helpful information about the area and the apartment. The studio was perfect for our small family of two adults and one 8 year old child. It is about a 10 minute walk to the River and even closer to a great restaurant district with Asian cuisine.1353 We loved our stay in Karin's oval Georgian studio. Karin met us with a bottle of Prosecco and some home-made cordial. We felt as if we were staying with an old friend who was glad to see us. The room is gorgeous. There's everything you could possibly need for cooking and a nice vegetable market 2 minutes away. We never took taxis or trains, since anything we wanted to do was an easy walk, even though Mountjoy Square seems a bit out of the centre. Karin was incredibly knowledgeable about Dublin and Ireland. We took every one of her recommendations, including a daytrip on the DART train to the seaside town of Greystones, which allowed us to see why the air rings with the cries of gulls. It is a delightful surprise to walk from the street into the elegance and peace of this beautifully decorated house. It was everything we expected it to be. We were there in a heatwave, but someday I'd love to be there in cold mist, with a fire on the grate. We had lovely times sipping wine with Karin in the long, long Dublin dusk. Highly recommended.1354 According to Aubrey Malone who wrote "Historic Pubs of Dublin", one of the tour books in Karin's welcome literature:   "O'Connell Street - one of the widest streets in Europe - was the centre of the city's activity.   It has fallen from grace somewhat in the past few decades and has let itself go to an extent, parts of it having become rather tacky.   (It is also something of a no-go<br/>area late at night from a crime standpoint)."    Karin's place is a few blocks from O'Connell Street, and yes the surrounding area is tacky and rather depressing.   <br/><br/>The directions to find the flat are rather uncertain to follow.   We found the following easy to follow and straight forward .... you just make one right turn.     From the airport, take the 41 bus and get off at Chester.   Walk in the direction the bus just travelled.  You will pass a pub called WJ which is actually very nice, and a recommendation from Karin.   You will also pass the porno shop and shortly thereafter see a pub on the corner.   Turn right and you will walk past the park which will be on the left.   Just past park on the corner is a rollhouse Number 54, that green door greets you to  Karin's place.    The Mountjoy Square area<br/>is a very loud and traffic ridden area.   People hang out in the streets late into the night, and on the front steps of Karin's place beverage cans and trash were left by neighborhood people who were just hanging out.    The apartment is hot with no circulating air.  There is no air conditioning or fans to cool down the living space.   Karin stated that no cooling is required with 14 foot ceilings, but the facts are the loft is 10 feet up, so you sleep amongst the hottest part of the flat.    The airbns photographs are impressive, but the reality is you can not open the largest window which Karin firmly stated to us on arrival is forbidden because of the age of the window.  The side windows do open, but we were not comfortable.  The list of repairs includes chipping paint in the shower, a gross and tacky shower head, a slow running shower drain which I hate to stand in backup water when showering, a missing light in the shower stall which was pointed out to us, a gas stove that requires matches to lit because the stove needs repairs.   Internet connection failed often and does not qualify as an internet offering:  One bar, two bars but mostly no internet available.  Clearly Karin's opportunity to cash in on the tourism revenue to Dublin is a mainstay but the overselling is rather misleading.   The offerings here does not quality for anything above a three star rating.   And no you will not have an "exceptional" stay here.   The words "patience" and "tolerance" comes to mind during our July stays here.<br/>1355 We stayed at Karin's place twice, because we booked in advance without seeing the place.    On the plus, Karin did allow us to keep the front door key making our return easy.   As well as kept a travel bag in storage.    Our return was a dreaded experience because we knew from the other visit that the apartment would be hot, and street noise was going to loud.   Which it was on both accounts.   The cab driver said to us too bad the homes were not located on the other side of town.... beautiful old row houses in a safe clean neighborhood.   Mountjoy square has too many problems to  regain the gentry it once experienced generations ago.   For the money you will spend at Karin's place, look for a unit in a safer neighborhood.   My mistake was to rely on airbnb too much and I did not conduct separate searches on the area.   Read about this area:  (Website hidden by Airbnb)1356 We had an amazing stay here. It was our first stop in Ireland and it was a great way to start the trip. The apartment had everything we could have needed. It was an easy walking distance to restaurants and to the main shopping areas. Karin was a great host, she was very helpful with giving us recommendations. Would definitely stay here again if in Dublin!1357 I was very pleased with my stay at Karin's. Her niece, Orla, met me on arrival and I was provided with a map and basic directions and information about Dublin and the nearby area. Karin later checked that I had all the information I needed and was most helpful in all instances. The home-made soda bread was fabulous! The property is on the corner of one busy and one quiet street and there was some vehicle and happy-go-lucky pedestrian traffic owing to the Gaeilic Football matches that weekend. So, some other's comments about the street noise are valid - however I wasn't bothered by it and happily figured it to be a part of my Ireland experience! I'm a light sleeper and still slept very soundly during my two nights stay. The room was great - I made use of the kitchen (and the kindly provided food basics), the mattress was comfortable, and the wifi was convenient to plan my first forays into Dublin's city centre. The city is reasonably close and I felt very safe walking around (and getting lost!) in the area. After two days I was comfortable finding my way around. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again!1358 We very much enjoyed Dublin (first time!) and staying in the Mountjoy Square section of the city. The apartment is spacious, beautiful, comfortable and nicely situation (everything within easy walking distance). We loved that Karin met us and shared the ins and outs of the city, and took time to discuss Irish history and point out the sites and restaurant ideas on the map she provided. Karin is very knowledgeable and very proud of her heritage and that really helped us get excited and feel enthusiastic about being there even though we were at the end of a long trip (and feeling ready to head home). By the end of our time in Dublin we weren't ready to leave Ireland; we wanted to stay and see the countryside, etc. We agreed we'd have to return in a couple years and focus our vacation only on that one country. So in conclusion, why would anyone stay in a hotel because for the same price you can stay in an actual HOME? - a furnished apartment with food in the fridge and a welcoming host!1359 Staying at Karin's studio is having the Dubliner living experience for some days! The location is central and excellent neighborhood. The building is very nice, well maintained, decorated with nice ancient furniture. The flat is very comfortable, the kitchen has every thing you may need (even coffee, sugar, salt, etc..), the bath room is very clean (as every thing else), the shower excellent !! Karin has books and DVD's available. There is a bit of noise out from the street but it did not bother us. The bus from the airport stops there!! I recommend staying at Karin's flats in Dublin.1360 great apartment. not much to do in the direct area, but it's a short walk from where all the action is. some people have made reference to the neighbourhood the apartment is in. i had no trouble at all and thought it was a fine neighbourhood. karin was helpful, the apartment was clean and the eggs, toast and fruit she provided was a nice touch.1361 We had a fantastic experience staying in Karin's apartment. It is very centrally located (about a 5-10 minute walk right into the Dublin action). All of the amenities were available, including a selection of DVDs for any jet-lagged folks that are awake in the middle of the night. :)<br/><br/>Karin was extremely helpful in guiding us on what to do during our stay in Dublin. She had fantastic recommendations as well as several stories about each point of interest. <br/><br/>We had a very easy time finding the apartment, checking in, and overall experience. Thank you Karin!1362 We  enjoyed staying here The studio was lovely and clean location great.1363 What a beautiful little studio! I felt very at home and comfortable here, and the little touches such as bread and tea and coffee really made it a great stay. I wish I could have stayed longer and I would definitely stay here again if I come back to Dublin. The bed was very comfortable too. Thanks so much for your hospitality Karin!1364 Great apartment, all you need in a home away from home.  Quiet location yet only a short walk to the city center.  Karin was an amazing host, taking very good care of us as our luggage was lost by our airline and she provided a goodie bag for us with essentials (shampoo, toothpaste, soap, etc...) and also made herself available when the airline called to deliver our bag the day after we arrived.  She made a stressful situation bearable!  We were so grateful to her as we would lost a whole afternoon/day of sightseeing without her flexibility since we did not have a mobile.  Thanks for everything Karin!  And thanks for being such a great host to my mom who stayed in the ground floor apartment a month prior to my visit!1365 We had a great stay at this apartment which was within easy walking distance to everything in Dublin.  Karen was a gracious host and more than helpful, even letting us leave some luggage off before our stay with her when we took a side trip for an extended weekend to Portugal.  We appreciated the food that she left for us, and the homemade banana bread that she made sure that we got after our arrival.  The apartment was very clean and comfortable, stocked with everything you need.1366 wonderful accommodation, well stocked kitchen, worry-free stay.1367 My husband and I stayed at Karin's flat while in Dublin in September 2013.  It is a very historic and charming building and the unit itself was wonderfully appointed.  Karin is a wonderful host, she spent some time with us recommending places to go and not to go.  The map she marked up became our guide for the week.  We would definitely stay there again and highly recommend it!1368 Excellent, very friendly and knowledgeable welcome. Nice, cosy appartment, suitable for two, tastefully decorated and efficiently equipped. Highly recommended, particularly if one favours the literary associations of northern Dublin.1369 Thank you Karin for such a lovely stay!  The studio is incredibly charming and very well maintained, as is the entire building.  Everything we needed was there, including food and coffee that was in the fridge for us!  Bonus was the working fireplace, which just added to the whole feel. There was not one level of detail missed and all of the information laid out for us was extremely helpful.  Thanks again and we highly recommend staying here!1370 Karin's flat is as beautiful and spotlessly clean as the photos suggest. The bed is comfortable and we both slept very well. Karin was a lovely hostess. She was always within reach if we had a question and we felt like we were staying with family. We know Dublin quite well but we appreciated the map provided to help us find some of the local conveniences.<br/><br/>We really appreciated the fresh milk, eggs, soda bread, tea, coffee, and other lovely basics to help us settle into our holiday.<br/><br/>We chose the location on purpose as it's not a tourist area and we like to be away from the noise of pubs. You'll want to be prepared for traffic sounds, but Dublin is a busy city and that will be your experience anywhere. Karin's flat about a 15-20 minute walk to the Temple Bar area.<br/><br/>I only wish we had stayed longer. We were so happy with our stay and we will definitely stay here again when we return to Dublin. Thank you, Karin.1371 The apartment is lovely with all the amenities necessary for a comfortable stay. I didn't get to meet Karin, however she left some delicious homemade banana bread, thanks! Karin's niece, who handled check-in was very friendly and had lots of great tips for enjoying the area.1372 Karin was a lovely host, who had excellent communication. Left voluminous information for my parents and gave wonderful service. Parking and meeting were well-organised, despite Karin not being able to be there. Her knowledge of Dublin was extensive and helped greatly. My parent's trip went with ease. Thanks very much for making their journey so special!1373 Karin and this apartment were absolutely wonderful! Karin met us at the apartment and spent lots of time showing us where we should go to dinner and what we should do in Dublin. She was very sweet and knowledgeable about the city she lives in! She even left us butter, marmalade, bread, muesli, milk, juice and eggs. We had enough to make breakfast both mornings we were there! It was such a treat. She takes wonderful care of the entire building and you can tell. The apartment was comfortable and clean and was in a quiet area that was only not a far walk from the center of town. I would recommend this apartment (or any that Karin was renting) to everyone!1374 Beautiful Georgian flat!!  Great location and easy to find.  Karin was extremely helpful and gave us loads of information regarding Dublin.      We were able to park our car in the back of the house - money went to charity so we were more than happy to accept.  Definitely stay there!1375 What a beautiful place to stay! Knocks the socks off any hotel, and the personal welcome from Karin was priceless. The flat is perfect, well positioned and warm. Thank you Karin for making everything except the marathon a comfortable experience ; )1376 We spent a gorgious stay in Karin's studio! It was exactly like in the pictures: big and practical kitchen with all equipment you could need, nice little room upstairs, cosy fireplace (we built a fire and it was so appreciated with cold outside :))...<br/>Cherry on the cake: Karin is lovely and provides all information you need in a binder (bus times, town maps, ideas to go out...), a lot of books and DVD, and in addition to that there are also some food for guest's arrival (fruits, milk, butter, jam...). Really appreciable!!1377 Beautiful and cozy apartment. Very clean. The location was perfectly walkable to everywhere we wanted to go. Karin was a lively host who provided great insight and information to her city. Highly recommended!1378 A lovely, airy room in a Georgian townhouse on a truly grand scale – and a great place from which to explore Dublin.  Floor-to-ceiling height is huge, but the crafty bed-deck stops it from being overwhelming and gives the feeling of being in a loft apartment all in one room.<br/>The secure parking was, we were advised by Irish friends, a godsend for central Dublin – and so it proved to be. <br/>Although Mountjoy Square is usually squeezed off central Dublin tourist maps, we felt close to the city centre; the river & south side easily accessible on foot.  Karin is a fount of information, and the various intended strands of our visit soon fell into place in her expert hands.  Having only one evening and the following day before departing Dublin, this was a great help.<br/>1379 Great experience overall, the place was just as the photos indicate. Clean, well located and Karin is an excellent host.1380 My daughter and I stayed in this lovely apt at the beginning of Dec. Although Karin was not at home during my visit, she made sure that we got into the apt and everything was taken care of. The actual apt I stayed in ( not this one) and the change was agreed to prior to my arrival was nice but the living room furniture was not very comfortable.  Overall, it was a great location and would love to stay in one of Karin's apts during my next visit to Dublin.1381 We stayed four nights in this lovely apartment.  Both the apartment and host were delightful.  I would highly recommend.1382 Amazing apartment! Clean, beautiful, quirky and most of all Karin the host was kind, helpful and informative! Perfectly located to experience all the Dublin has to offer. Would highly recommend staying here!1383 The space is cozy, georgeus and perfectly outfitted. Karin's recommendations are very useful, we loved everything she recommended. Last but not least, the welcome Karin extended to us was really pleasant. <br/><br/>Only one "but": Some passing traffic noise.<br/><br/>Highly recommendable for couples.1384 A truly special experience of old Georgian Dublin but with all the comforts and mod cons. Karin was an excellent host and provided all sorts of useful tips about where to go and what to see as well as delicious marmalade and luxurious bedlinen. We stayed a whole week and it felt like a home from home. Will definitely go back.1385 Karin is an utterly fantastic host, and her apartment is beautiful. Dublin is a wonderful city, but the opportunity to stay in such a delightful Georgian house was as enjoyable as wandering Dublin's historic streets. The amenities were fantastic; we did a lot of cooking and the kitchen was well stocked. Karin kindly left us muesli, fruit juice and soda bread for when we arrived. <br/><br/>Karin made everything simple, from arrival to departure, and when we return to Dublin we can't imagine staying anywhere else. <br/><br/>1386 Vadym was such a wonderful host! Their home was clean, comfortable, and had a great location. He was so helpful in making our experience in Dublin great!1387 Dublin is a busy city and I would never recommend staying in the city centre. The apartment is two stops from Heuston Station on the tram and the airport bus stops and starts at the station. You walk easily and directly to the accommodation from the tram stop. The building is safe and secure and in a street away from traffic and noise. It's a nice good looking neighbourhood. Vadym welcomed me, showed me around and was always available to answer questions. The room is compact but VERY comfortable and I'm sure the balcony is also lovely in the summer. The bathroom is separate, but for your exclusive use and there is access to the kitchen and living area. It's a modern apartment, fast wifi,  good lighting, and I was particularly impressed by a toilet seat that lights up in the dark! I enjoyed talking to Vadym who is genuinely interested in his guests. Communication was excellent, the space was warm, incredibly clean, and perfect to go back to after long days at a Conference. Thank you for your kindness and hospitality. Take care and have a happy Christmas.1388 We had a wonderful stay at Jose and Vadyms apartment. Very clean, lovely hosts and all the facilities you could need. The breakfast cereals and coffee was a nice touch. Short walk into the city or you can get the tram which stops just outside the apartment blocks. Nice and quiet area. No problems at all. Thank you for having us we will be staying again! Charlotte and Faye1389 My stay with Jose and Vadym was absolutely perfect! They were extremely responsive prior to and during the trip. Furthermore, the apartment was immaculate and conveniently located close to the city center. Vadym was extremely accommodating and warm, which was the icing on the cake. Club at1390 Amazing! Vadym was very easy to coordinate with and lovely to talk to. Great space and location - thank you for making our first visit to Dublin so memorable!1391 Room was great. Bathroom was great. Hospitality was beyond measure. I would give them 5 Stars, overall! Can't wait to do it again!1392 Nice place, nice guys1393 Friendly, Servical, honest.A very accessible place and it is worth doing check-in with them.1394 Vadym was a great host! He was very friendly and provided everything I needed. His place is very modern and comfortable, and it's located conveniently around the corner from the Luas, which takes you straight into the city center.1395 Great hospitality! Val went out of his way to pick me up from tram station very early in the morning to ensure my safety and to let me put my suitcases in the apartment because check in was not for several more hours. <br/><br/>Great location for St Patrick’s Cathedral and Guinness. About a 2 mile walk to St. Stephens Park. <br/><br/>Overall geeat experience!1396 For anyone visiting Dublin, i would definitely recommend this place! Very close to a tram station that takes you to city center. Guiness storehouse is only 5-10min walking distance. Vadym was really helpful and had great communication. Great hospitality! Very clean house with a lovely cat!1397 3 minutes north of Fatima Station which is on the Red Luas line.  2 balconies (one private).  Deep bath with supplied bubbles.  Breakfast cereal and free fruit.  Comfortable bed. Constant 20 degrees which was wonderful as it was 2 outside !!  Terrific company when they were there which wasn't often.  Given own key.  Everything you could wish for. Highly recommend1398 It was our first time not renting an 'entire flat' through AirBnB, so we were a bit anxious to see what it would be like staying in a private room but Jose's place exceeded our expectations and was the perfect way to spend New Years in Dublin. It's an easy tram ride into the city centre, or a quick 20 minute walk, and was the perfect amount of space for two people and all of our luggage. The apartment was clean and Jose was very communicative before we arrived so it was easy to find the place. We felt very welcome and safe, very much appreciated the local tips as well!1399 Excellent communication during whole process. We were arriving early morning after overnight flight and Vadym let us check in early and let us know as soon s  as place was ready. He also greeted us and explained the household. It was great to have a hair dryer and currency converter provided. All in all it was great, easy stay.1400 Lovely and stylish house, just two minutes walking from the Fatima luas station, good linked with the city centre. Clean and comfy, and Vadym (the host) is a really kind person. Really happy about that.1401 The place is really nice and clean and the bed is very comfortable.  Vadym was also helpful and a nice guy to chat with.  He went out of his way to ensure I got my airport taxi at 4:15am which was much appreciated.  For some reason I was expecting to have the place to myself so was suprised when I paid for shared apt.  Maybe it was my bad for not reading the listing properly but for this reason I thought it was a little expensive.  Overall though it was a good stay!1402 Vadym's hospitality was amazing. I think it was one of the best Airbnb experience I've ever had. he was very sweet and helpful with all questions and we hung out once. I recommend for anyone who is interested in Dublin. A literal 10 minute tram ride from outside his home was all that was needed to get into the city center. Great home, great location and awesome neighborhood. Will absolutely visit again1403 Really great place for a short stay,location is easy and directions to the flat were clear and I found it without trouble.1404 The room was very nice and clean, and had all we needed for a long weekend! Vadym was very helpful and lovely.1405 Our stay at their place was fabulous! Vadym was super helpful and welcoming. The apartment is incredibly clean, comfy, tidy, silent and near LUAS that could easily take us everywhere we wanted. We highly recommend their place!1406 Had a wonderful stay!Vadym is very hospitable and does everything to make your stay as pleasant as possible.The room is neatly and nicely dressed and very nice that you can use a private bathroom.1407 Lovely modern apartment, charming and caring hosts and impeccably clean. What more to say. Perfect Airbnb.1408 Vadym gave me a very warm welcome. Jose was not at home. Vadym explained everything about my room and showed me the kitchen and the living room, which we shared. There were free coffee and tea. I also had my own bathroom in the flat. Everything was very clean. Vadim’s communication was extraordinary. After the booking he gave me a lot of tips, such as directions from the airport, where to go and how to access the flat. I can 100% recommend Jose & Vadim's Airbnb.1409 Super moment at Jose & Vadym, <br/> The apartment is very pleasant with a very beautiful decoration. <br/> The place is quiet, the apartment is located in a very quiet residential area. <br/> José wasNot present during our trip but Vadym welcomed our open arms. <br/> The tram to reach the center of Dublin is at the foot of the building and it takes no more than 10 minutes to reach the center. <BR/> Super very relaxing stay!1410 Vadim is a beautiful person and an incredible host. My girlfriend and I stayed 3 nights and it was wonderful. The apartment is clean, quiet and artistically incredible!1411 The house is very welcoming and warm and the private bathroom is very spacious.It is very well connected to the major attractions of the city, through the LUA (Website Hidden by Airbnb) minutes walk from Guinness.Even by taxi, however, it is feasible, we have never spent more than 9 euros to return home in the evening.We had a really good time!1412 Jose&Vadym were very accommodating, they were there when we showed up and gave us a very helpful map and showed us the best way to get to the places we wanted to go and also made a few other suggestions of sites to see. Their home is very clean and modern. And they had coffee and fruit available for your mornings.<br/><br/>Quiet at night but only a block away from the tram system and within walking distance of the Guinness storehouse, which made it easy to get where we wanted to go. <br/>We had to leave very early for our flight (4am) and they very kindly arranged a taxi to pick us up so we did not have to worry about figuring it out.<br/>I’d highly recommend them to anyone staying in Dublin.1413 I had a wonderful experience! He was so accommodating and welcoming. I will definitely come back!1414 Jose & Vadym's place is amazing. It is super convenient, right next to a tram stop. Everything is spotless and totally clean. The bed was the most comfortable I've been in for awhile, I slept like a rock. They are amazing hosts, very friendly and interesting to talk to. A very stylish flat in a quiet area of town, but still well connected. Guinness Storeroom is walkable and the main train station (if your flight is before tram service starts - like mine!)1415 Jose & Vadym have been very quick in their responses to our messages. The check-in procedure went very smoothly and Jose made sure we felt welcome and comfortable. The room itself was clean and light, with a nice balcony. The bathroom was very spacious and comfortable. All in all, a good experience. Thanks.1416 Jose&Vadym's place is a great base to explore Dublin! Walking distance to the city centre and good connection to the airport. They were super flexible as they were around to check us in went we arrived from the airport at midday when outside it was a great sunny day. They could have gone out and check us in later  on but they didn't, thank you!<br/><br/>The room is good size if you are looking for a place to crash after a day getting lost in Dublin with your own bathroom.<br/><br/>I'd totally recommend and stay again at Jose&Vadym's!1417 I only met Vadym, who is a very kind person and makes you feel at home!Their apartment is very pretty, super clean and the bed is to die for so much we sleep well.Vadym is also very attentive for the slightest question.The apartment is very easily accessible in both tram and feet, being away from the center, it allows a certain tranquility and an attractive price.1418 Jose and Vadym's place was great! It's really close to the train station which makes getting anywhere in Dublin easy. The room and bathroom we're completely  ours and both were  very clean. They had extra toiletries in the bathroom in case we needed and even  let us borrow their power plug adapter. They were both very  nice and we would definitely recommend their place!1419 Excellent option for those who go to Dublin.If I can come back again.1420 Vadym, was a great host and he was very welcoming. He was incredibly easy to communicate and at our arrival he recommended places to see and visit in Dublin. Vadym's  flat was really clean and  conveniently located to the city center and public transportation.1421 Vadym is a great host, very pleasent and willing. He gave us lots of tips where to go and respond immediatelly to all our questions. The room is very clean and comfortable, what´s more, we had our own bathrom.<br/>Flat is 2 minutes from tram station and very close to the city center. I recommend Vadim's flat!1422 Very nice place, Vadym was very welcoming and hospitable. We greatly enjoyed being able to catch the tram right across the street!1423 Vadym and Jose's place is full of warmth, hospitality, flexibility, and is spotlessly clean.  Vadym was so quick with communication and support of anything needed. The location next to the tram line is a quick link to the City Centre. Great value and great stay. Thank you!1424 This was a great space, the description was spot on and Vadym was helpful and friendly! We would definitely book with them again!1425 Another fine Airbnb experience. Conveniently located right on the tram line1426 The apartment was very clean and Vadym was very pleasant.1427 Walking distance to tons of attractions and restaurant, across the street from the Luas station, very easy to get around. Extremely clean!1428 had an absolutely amazing stay, the space, towels and bed linens were immaculate. anything I could have wanted or needed was available, from coffee to a hairdryer to international adapters for electronics. the apartment was also very secure and so close to the luas, very very convenient! next time I come to Dublin I will be sure to book again!1429 Vadym's place was absolutely spotless. The kitchen was well organised and very clean. The bedroom was comfortable and the bedding was light and fluffy. Vadym was very accommodating, gave us tips in the area and we had many interesting conversations. An excellent place to stay, ideally located to visit the centre of Dublin daily. Thank you.1430 We loved every minute of our time in Dublin! Vadym was so accommodating , had many amazing suggestions and made all aspects of our trip smooth and enjoyable! Would highly recommend visiting Dublin and staying at this apartment! Great location, great communication, and great hosts!1431 Wonderful stay!1432 Had the best time!the room is perfect,great bed,private bathroom and veranda,spotless!the area is quiet and safe and the location is uniquely close to the tram station.I only meet Vadym who is so polite,sociable and happy person!He gave me a lot of tips and he was available any time.Thank you for a great stay!1433 Vadym’s place was a great place for our quick stay in Dublin! It is very close to the Guinness Storehouse and the tram ride is very convenient to the train station (Heuston) and also for getting into the heart of the city. The apartment was very, very clean- one of the cleanest Airbnb’s I’ve ever stayed in. This was actually my first time staying in a room within an apartment (compared to having the whole apartment to myself) and it was a great first experience. Vadym was very respectful and the apartment was quiet and restful. Moreover, I felt safe and welcomed by Vadym. Although the area around the apartment seemed to be a little ‘rougher’ than other areas of Dublin, the apartment building itself felt very safe and was VERY close to the tram line. Little details: the water pressure in the shower was great, the bed was comfortable, the room had a lovely balcony off it and great blackout curtains for a good nights sleep. It was quiet. The cat was very adorable but didn’t come around much.1434 Our stay at Vadym's place was perfect for us. It had everything we needed or wanted, plus some. The balcony attached to the bedroom was perfect for relaxing at night. Overall we would definitely go back and recommend their place to others.  Vadym also let us drop our bags off early as well as check in early so we were able to get some rest after a long flight!1435 perfect appartment and perfect host!1436 Jose and Vadyms place is a great apartment with a nice room for guests with their own bathroom. The flat was very clean and Vadym was very friendly, accesible and nice to us. We will recommend him to anybody although the flat is a little bit far from the center to walk but you have the Luas station in front of it.1437 Vadym was excellent.The location of the house was perfect a stone's throw from Luas and the center.1438 Apartment very well located.I recommend.1439 It was a lovely place and we had a great time in Dublin!<br/>The room was as nice as described!1440 Teresa and her husband Huey were such great hosts! They provided not only great hospitality but also recommendations, stories and just all around great conversation! I’ll definitely be back to visit so I would definitely recommend them!1441 Very nice people and a great place to stay!1442 We had a lovely time at Teresa’s. It was a very cozy place to stay at. Everything worked out fine! Thank you for having us:)1443 Very nice host. He gave us a few tips and was very helpful. Communication by e-mail is particularly fast and reliable. The location is also very close to the tram station which takes about 10-15 minutes to get to the center. Thank you for your hospitality<br/><br/>1444 Great hospitality from Vadym.  He explained everything to us very clearly. The flat was very cosy and pictures on the profile matched with reality. We recommend your stay by Jose and Vadym.1445 Clean room and bathroom, good location near Fatima station, the environment very quiet, good kitchen to use. Highly recommended. <br/>1446 A very clean and tidy modern flat. Vadym made it very easy for us and made us feel at home. Great communication.1447 Lovely room with balcony. Everything was clean and the location was close to the city centre. Vadym and Jose were great host with nice tips about Dublin so we could really enjoy our trip! Would really recommend it for a short stay.1448 Pictures on the profile match with reality. The room - and the whole appartment - is very clean. Vadym - José was not here - was very nice, he welcomed us like a friend. We felt very comfortable. By Luas it is very easy to travel to the city centre. Also a walk is very well possible. We will definitely keep this address for our next visit in Dublin.1449 Vadym is a gracious, thoughtful and very organized host. The tram is a short distance and accessible to city centre. We had a fabulous time at this airbnb and rank it as one of the best we have stayed at. <br/>~  Frank and Sonia1450 Vadym was super friendly and helpful during our stay. The location is not near the city center so just know there will be a lot of walking. About 20 minutes to Guinness but everything else is 30-40 minutes walk. But the neighborhood seemed safe. Kinda loud during the day with all the kids but quiet at night. Soap and shampoo was available for us to use. Shower was a good size. Very inconvenient location to leave luggage if you arrive before the 5pm check in. About 30-35 minute walk and it costs money to leave the luggage. But that was the only slightly inconvenient thing. Everything else was great.1451 The apartment was very nice and clean! Vadym was so helpful and willing to assist with any questions asked.  About a 15-30 min walk to major Dublin attractions! We had a great time and would love to come back!1452 Jose&Vadym's place is very clean and is located in a quiet neighborhood.  Location is a short distance walk to the city tram.  It is very easy to get to city center.  Extra kudos to Vadym for providing us a smooth check in process.  He also offered us great tips around the city.  Great stay overall!1453 This is a great place to stay if you want a clean, comfortable room in a good location. Jose was very welcoming and made us feel at home. It’s very convenient for the LUAS tram service and we were happy that we followed Jose’s recommendation to buy a three day LEAP card when we arrived at the airport; it made it very easy to get around the city.1454 A nice small apartment  very close  located to the LUAS Tram line. Ideally, when you join in a Congress in the Convention Center.<br/> Jose is a very friendly host! Thanks!1455 Clean and comfortable.  5 minute walk to Guinness Storehouse.  Able to find free street parking very close to apartment.  Very friendly and helpful.1456 Great location for those who want to see downtown Dublin!1457 Very clean, had all of the essentials, comfortable bed with cute patio attached to bedroom, room was equipped with a converter for chargers, across the street from tram, 20-30 min walk to city center.1458 It has been a great experience.I was only two 2 nights, I had the opportunity to meet only Vadym, a very friendly and attentive person.The floor very clean, equal or even better than in the photos.I would certainly repeat.1459 A beautiful apartment centrally located. I spend a while here and managed to get everywhere you'd possibly want to be throughout the city without any difficulty.1460 Great place, great host(s) although i have only met Vadym. <br/>Vadym was very helpful, the place was sparkling clean and comfy. <br/>His kitty is adorcable :)<br/>its a walking distance from city center and there is a tram right next to the building making getting to and out of the neighborhood super easy.1461 It was just e perfact stay!! We felt very comfortable. Everything was well organized. Karin was a really very friendly host.<br/><br/>Thank you very much for everthing. <br/>Cyril & Friends1462 10/10. So clean, Teresa and her husband are so nice and give great suggestions on places to visit. They give you maps for bus and trains and also tour guides info. They are awesome!1463 Teresa's little "Holly Cottage" is the perfect place to spend a few wonderful days in Dublin.Even if the accommodation is a bit outside of Dublin, you can easily reach the city center by bus or train.Apart from the detailed directions and the tips that Teresa sent us before our arrival, we also received support on site with finding the right bus connection or daily activity.<br/> The rooms are very lovingly furnished and you feel directly at home, which is also due to the warm way of the hosts.<br/> I would always like to be Teresa's guest.1464 Teresa and her husband were lovely! They were so helpful in providing insight on where to go to have the best Dubin experience. In addition, it was very clean and stylish. Highly recommend!1465 Great place!Teresa is a top host, very welcoming and full of good advice.<br/> The double room we had was very clean and very comfortable: clean sheets, heated bed, socket adapter.A bathroom is reserved for hosts.<br/> The breakfast buffet was perfect!1466 We have found good and super cheap accommodation!1467 Teresa’s place is a quite locality and is very stylish with very thoughtful touches. She and her husband are very respectful of the person staying at the property and at their toes to help when needed.1468 Hosts were brilliantly helpful. The house was amazing and near everything we were interested in getting to. Also Teresa is a saint. We had a minor scheduling issue and they worked through it with us without a complaint and were super kind through the whole thing. You wont find a more lovely couple in all Dublin and that is saying something. Everyone we met was super nice.1469 Teresa and her husband are really nice hosts!They are extremely warm and nothing is missing.In addition, you get really good insider tips, what you can see.The connection to the city center is optimal and right in front of the door and also in Dundrum yourself you can shop or go out to eat.Clear recommendation!1470 Very kind and sweet people. A pleasure to stay with them!1471 Teresa and Hugh are wonderful hosts in their cozy cottage in Churchtown. Great spot for launching into exploring Dublin.1472 If you want to love Dublin, you must first reside at Teresa.You will be made to feel very welcome in a warm, quiet and impeccable setting.Very well advised and directed.Being a bit out of the way will allow you to discover the Dublin life!1473 Both of our hosts were very helpful. It's very easy to get to the house from the airport and to Dublin. Great experience!1474 Great location with easy transport links. Nice friendly atmosphere and lovely hosts.1475 Teresa and Hugh were both amazing, kind, helpful and thoughtful. I love my stay in their beautiful and comfortable home and would choose to stay with them again should the occasion arise once more. Highly recommended! Great location for shopping, the mountains, sea and Dublin centre, very close to transport links too if you don't have a car!1476 Teresa is adorable.The breakfast is generous and a real advantage in a super pleasant and bright kitchen which gives on the garden.The room is comfortable and very quiet like the neighborhood.A nice pub at the end of the street (full of good gins & whiskey for amateurs).Bus 14 which takes 100 meters further serves the city center in approximately 30 minutes with good correspondence for the airport and the DART.He spends every quarter of an hour and finished the service at 11:30 p.m.The Luas Vert is not very far: about 10 minutes walk and brings to the city center in about 20 minutes.1477 We had a wonderful time at Teresa’s place! The room and the house are neat and clean, the bed really comfortable! Teresa and her husband are really charming and will recommend you the best place of Dublin to visit. Thanks for all the advices and see you surely soon!1478 Despite the late hour we wer greeted super friendly. Our room was perfectly equipped,  clean and big enough for two people. Breakfast was included in the price and there was a lot of choice. The house is super cozy and the two hosts (Hughie and Teresa) are super nice and lovely. We felt right at home. With the bus or the train/tram one arrive within 20 minutes in the City centre. The connections are good. I would recommend the accommodation to anyone who doesn't want to live right in the centre of Dublin. You could also meet some other guest and have nice conversation with them. Dundrum is a very beautiful and idyllic place. Perfect holiday with a perfect accommodation :)1479 Very nice hosts, all good.1480 Gorgeous backyard with plenty of seating, beautiful kitchen with 3 walls of windows, and free parking on site! They are very friendly people with a lovely home.1481 What a wonderful little home with warm and caring hosts! I could not recommend Teresa and her husband more; they were both happy to tell us about different places to visit in the area and were interested in learning about our lives back in the States. Our room was cozy and had everything we needed for our week-long stay. The Holly Cottage was the perfect home-away-from-home for our first trip to Ireland and we couldn't have asked for better hosts.1482 Theresa’s place is fantastic - I stylish and tidy Irish house far from the city center but very accessible with the bus - the ride offers the possibility of capturing the city’s beauty :) You also benefit of a breakfast with a view - part of the kitchen’s walls are made of glass and you can see the beautiful garden. <br/><br/>She was very hospitable and offered a lot of information regarding places to visit as tourists. <br/><br/>I would gladly return there!1483 T and Huey are so awesome!! Their house is sooo cute and very close to the 14 bus that takes you into town. They are also very helpful with tips around the town, and on what you should do. Highly recommend!1484 Fantastic host. Felt like home1485 Very friendly and helpful people, they are very organized and have a good system1486 Beautiful home and amazing hosts! I would definitely book with them again.1487 Teresa was very friendly and patient with us, although we had some unexpected changes in our travel plan. The flat was very comfortable, tidy and nice. The breakfast was also very good. During the night the water heater turned on every now and then, which was quite noisy and kept waking the sleeper up. However, we can highly recommend Teresa’s place!1488 Very warm welcome!Teresa guided us even before we asked for information.Very clean house, very kind people.1489 We spent a lovely week-end at Teresa's place. The cottage is very well situated, it's very easy to get to the city centre and Teresa and her husband provided us with all the information we needed about public transport, places to visit etc. The house is cosy and clean, the bedroom really nice, the only problem is the water heater which is really noisy and kept waking us up at night. But for the rest of it, it was a great stay and we thank Teresa and her husband for their hospitality !1490 A great alternative to an expensive Dublin hotel. Teresa is so friendly and it is truly lovely to come back to a suburban atmosphere when travelling. Simple transport options into Dublin City.1491 Such a welcoming place to stay near Dublin. The cottage was even cuter than we could have imagined, and the hospitality made us feel at home. Would definitely come again.1492 Teresa and her husband are very hospitable and open.We were happy to talk to you and therefore felt really comfortable in the apartment.Shops etc. are easy to reach on foot, including the trip to/from the airport or parts of the Wicklow Way are very simple.I can recommend the accommodation.1493 The cottage is nice, a bit away from the city center. Bright kitchen where self service cold breakfast is served. Room not big but cozy. Good value for money! Thanks!1494 Teresa and her husband have a wonderful small house in churchtown. To the City Center it takes you about 30 to 45 minutes.<br/>We had a nice little double room. In the bathroom it can get a bit busy,  as three room share one bathroom with toilet. <br/>Breakfast is continental and good.1495 Amazing place to stay in a superb location, hosts are lovely. Would highly recommend.1496 Comfortable accomodation, convenient for Dublin amenities. Lovely hosts.1497 Teresa and her husband run a lovely B&B. The rooms, while modest, are comfortable and very clean. Their location is well situated to grab public transit and Teresa is wonderful with help to get out and about with suggestions and directions. The only suggestion I have is for folks that are light sleepers and that is to bring ear plugs. The cottage is lovely, but there are noises in the early evening with other guests using the common washroom etc. Not unexpected with common facilities.1498 My stay at Karin's apartment was perfect. This was my first Airbnb stay and if they're all like this I won't stay in a hotel again. The apartment was in a very nice building and was cleaner than I could have imagined. Karin woke up very early to accommodate our arrival and was very pleasant. There were no surprises in regards to the apartment and Karin left us some breakfast foods and coffee which was great! The apartment was located perfectly so a ten minute walk will get you to anything you need. I would highly recommend staying if you're looking for a place in Dublin.1499 My sister, her son and I had a wonderful stay in Karin's beautiful apartment.  It is the ideal place to stay when visiting Dublin.  It is in a great location as the apartment is very near to the city centre - within easy walking distance of O'Connell St. (less than a 10 min walk in).  The apartment  is really lovely, it is beautifully maintained and has everything needed for a really comfortable stay. Karin is a wonderful and welcoming host.  I would highly recommend both Karin and her wonderful apartment and would definitely stay in this apartment again - a very unique place.  Rosemarie1500 It's all been said before in every review left for Karin and every word of it is true, Karin and her apartment are exceptional. She was completely available for any questions or concerns prior to arriving as well as during our stay. Left for us to enjoy were homemade banana bread, tea, coffee, juices, fruit, yoghurt, eggs, and milk. Her kitchen is stocked with every imaginable pot and pan needed to prepare any meal in the lovely kitchen. <br/><br/>The flat is exquisite, yet comfortable and homey with a cosy couch and plenty of DVDs or books to enjoy by the fire. Karin provided tons of literature about Dublin along with maps of the area and guides for every tourist attraction in the city. She also has adapters available so as to easily convert our U.S. plugs to fit the Irish outlets - extremely convenient. <br/><br/>The Mountjoy area is beautiful and an excellent neighbourhood. It's location is far enough from the city to avoid crazy amounts of people and tourists, but convenient enough so that all the sights are an easy walk from the flat. Markets for groceries are nearby and quite reasonable. <br/><br/>My highest recommendation regarding Karin and her incredible apartment!1501 The room and bed are very comfortable. I only met Vadym, but he was very welcoming and hospitable. I would definitely stay here again.1502 Fantastic house and a fantastic host. Felt welcome from the first minute I met Vadym. The house surpassed my expectations. Vadym and his partners place are a credit to the Air B&B community.1503 Vadym is a wonderful host, he will always be ready to give you the perfect addresses for visiting or eating or finding out. Don't be afraid to go alone because Vadym is probably the nicest person in Dublin, you can only become friends with him. His apartment is nickel, he's close to everything and he has all the modernity and comfort that we need. It was a perfect stay!1504 Vadym host very relational, friendly, listening, José Contact very responsive in message and friendly.Their apartment is described as the photos.Quiet location easy access by information from José and Vadym.Keeping touch by offering breakfast.Easy location access access bus 747 up to finish line and tram 2 stops.time a good 45 minutes.Housing on the GUINESS Factory and ACCES JERVIS 15 minutes for the Church ad for Fan U2.With joy to return home.1505 We stayed in Dublin for the first time between 8 and 10 November and it was a beautiful experience.First of all, reaching the Jose & Vadym house from the airport was very simple thanks to the indications provided by Vadym, and also from there move to the center with the tram, very fast.Excellent location of the accommodation.Vadym is very hospitable and kind, we found it at home to welcome us and gave us a lot of useful indications on places to eat well and how to move to reach the tourist places we wanted to see, it was really very helpful.Their house is wonderful, furnished with a lot of taste, bright, clean, with many plants.Our room was very warm and welcoming, with many blankets and cushions, and gave a balcony with chairs and a table, arranged with care.The bathroom is large and complete with everything.There was also everything you need for a good breakfast, we highly recommend it!Vadym is really a nice kind and nice person, in an Italian word we could use "cure" to describe his way of doing, his attention, (Website hidden by Airbnb) in English we would say that: Vadym Hosted Us with Really Great Care,With the Heart.We are really happy to have been their guests.1506 Excellent more than "superhost."Vadym's attention and communication was perfect, always predisposed to help, advise and always be aware.<br/> As for the apartment it is very beautiful, decorated with great style and then you, you have your room with a balcony and private bathroom.The area is very nice and safe.To give you an idea, I can add that I always walk everywhere, you get very easy. <br/> to return to Dublin would not hesitate to meet the boys again.!A hug!1507 Jose&Vadym's place was just what we needed for our stay in Dublin. Safe, central and clean. Would recommend for anyone looking for a place to lay their head in-between sight seeing.1508 I booked this place because of the wonderful reviews and I was not led astray! Jose and Vadym's place is the perfect location for the value. My boyfriend and I walked to the Guinness storehouse, Stephen's Green, Grafton Street and Temple Bar from the Bnb. The place itself was so nice, comfortable bed, our own guest bathroom and full access to the kitchen, coffee, tea, fruit, etc. Vadym was so kind and welcoming. Would definitely stay here again if I needed to go back to Dublin for a good price and a friendly face :)1509 I highly recommend Jose&Vadym’s apartment. It’s well located and really tidy and organised. Would definitely go back when I’m in Dublin again.1510 Perfect location on a tram connection.Nice host and reception.Nice space.Recommended1511 What an amazing place, only 5 minute tram ride to the city centre and the Guinness Storehouse only being 8minute walk away.<br/><br/>immaculate room with our own bathroom and shower. <br/><br/>the bed is incredibly comfortable which is always a massive plus! and made to feel very welcome.<br/><br/>thank you and overall would highly recommend1512 Beautiful quiet apartment easily reached on the tram line. I only met Vadym, who is a warm & welcoming host. My stay couldn’t have been better. I highly recommend.1513 The house is beautiful, the room is very very nice!The thing that stands most is the cleaning of the house and the kindness and availability of Vadym and Jose! <br/> The house is a stone's throw from the Luas stop, about twenty minutes walk from Temple Bar and Guinness Storehouse.<br/> Vadym was very kind to call the taxi for us for the return to the airport!Really superhost!:)1514 Perfect visit to Ireland!  Jose & Vadym were the perfect hosts. We didn’t get to spend much time with them....we were sightseeing most of the time. They were very helpful & friendly.  It is very close to transportation but we walked most of the time. It was a perfect safe place for a mother-daughter trip!! Thanks so much!!!1515 This is the perfect place to stay in Dublin, if you want to avoid noise and traffic center. Everything is perfect, nothing much to say really. Highly recommend!!!1516 Jose & Vadym were extremely hospitable hosts, staying up late to welcome me into their home on christmas day in the wee hours of the night - i knew right then that they would be attentive hosts. they provided great tips for getting around and finding whatever i needed, and their space was cozy and clean.<br/><br/>note that the location is a good 20-30 minute walk to the city centre, which i was pleased to make given how safe dublin is in general and how much i like to walk, but just FYI! it's a pleasant walk to be honest, don't let that deter you from these great hosts.1517 Jose & Vadym’s place was exactly as advertised. It is a shared space, but a private bedroom (with locking door) and all the essentials provided. A short LUAS tram ride, or a 25-minute walk, to the City Centre.<br/><br/>A note, my American GPS couldn’t specifically pinpoint the entrance to their apartment, so make sure you have clear instructions for that.1518 Vadym and Jose were great hosts they were very pleasant and welcoming their place was nice and clean and in a great location. I would definitely recommend!1519 Very pleasant stay with Vadym, which is very hospitable, apartment fully in line with the announcement.1520 Beutiful place and Lovely host. It was really easy to get to there by public transport and the place is spotless! thanks for making my time in Dublin even better! If I'm ever in town again I'll definitely book here.1521 Perfect stay good arranging host communication I highly recommend this accommodation1522 Great place, very nice location close to Luas train line. Great tips from owner of places and things to do while in Dublin. Will definitely use this location again for future trips to Dublin.1523 My girlfriend and I stayed for 3 nights in the house of Vadym and Jose.Perfect welcome!Our flight tied a lot and, between one thing and another, we arrived at 11 pm at home and Vadym welcomed us with kindness and availability!The room is super clean and the apartment is very welcoming.Linda is a gorgeous kitten :) Location slightly far from the center but with 20 minutes of walking (pleasant) you reach everything!Very quiet area and with an excellent bar under the house where to have breakfast.If I had to return to Dublin, I would undoubtedly stay from them!Thank you :)1524 It is a little away from center 30 to 40 min walking which for us it was a bit risky to return to walk once we got lost and to go out towards its department at 10 pm we arrived at 12 hrs because we left the internet apart;Then we moved in Luas and we had no problem1525 The place was very well located by public transportation or even by feet . As addition the place was very cosy and spotless . It is important to mention that Vadym was super welcoming and friendly host.  We loved staying at your place and most definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking for a convenient stay in Dublin.1526 I enjoyed my stay tremendously. Metro is a block away, but I preferred to walk into town. Nothing much in neighborhood, but less than a mile to first pub or restaurants. Apartment was spacious, clean and comfortable. Vadym made me feel welcome and I will return again I hope.1527 A really nice apartment in a great location. I would recommend staying there.1528 Everything was perfect!1529 Jose and Vadym's place is a nice and clean place to stay! The great thing about their place it's that only a 20-minute tram ride into the center of town and it's close to a lot of great places in Dublin!1530 Friendly welcome, well placed in Dublin, near Guinness Museum for amateurs and close to the city center.1531 We had such a wonderful stay! Easy to get into the city center and Vadym was very welcoming and helpful!1532 Vladym is a very attractive character, both discreet and altruistic and open.A really top stay.I, who am the refractory type of guest rooms and rooms with the locals I had no problem at Vladym.Our bathroom allowed us to have our privacy and the kindness of Vladym allowed us to feel comfortable.Thank you for everything.1533 clean, safe, comfortable, stylish, calm, modern, quiet apartment, very close to the fatima tram stop.<br/>highly recommended!<br/>i loved my two nights there and slept very well.1534 Great place! Immaculate and cozy.. nice fresh open space. Vadym was very helpful with specific usage of space which made things very easy.  The shower was roomy and perfect. We slept well and enjoyed being very close to everything:) we highly recommend anyone to stay here! <br/>Hang dai Chinese food and Legit coffee are a must.1535 I can absolutely recommend the accommodation!Vadym was super friendly and the apartment was so clean that you could have eaten from the ground.Communication was relaxed and went smoothly.The apartment is very central and in a quiet area.<br/> Top!1536 Teresa and Hugh were so accommodating! They're lovely home was always clean, and they looked after us very well! Definitely would like to come back again1537 We highly recommend Teresa's house. She is such a amazing host and her home is perfect. Everything was clean and she had basic food for breakfast (i.e. bread, peanut butter, cornflakes, milk, orange juice). Also she waited when we arrived and gave us useful advices. She is more than willing to make your stay as comfortable and convenient as possible. If you're on your way to Dublin I' recommend staying at Teresa's home.1538 Great place to stay, lovely 🏡 home1539 Very warm welcome, Teresa puts us at ease right away. <br/> very clean, careful decoration, breakfast included. <br/> a downside for the floor that cracks in the corridor of the 3 guest rooms.<br/> 10-12 min walk from Luas and 170 meters from the bus stop. <br/> I recommend!1540 We were very satisfied with our accommodation at Teresa.We received great tips on the same evening of our arrival.And even before arrival you get tips on how to get to Teresa from the airport best and what kind of ticket options, etc. There are.In total we were in Dublin for three days.From Teresa's house you can reach the city center with the tram in 15 minutes and the Wicklowmountains are also very easy to reach.<br/> <br/> Short and scarce, we were satisfied around.1541 Teresa was a lovely host and i would very much like to visit again!1542 Cosy, comfortable clean space. We had a lovely time, really appreciated local tips for restaurants and day trips (visiting Howth was great!).1543 Everything was great.Both Teresa and her husband helped us and gave us recommendations.Breakfast included many things, the room was impeccable and the deal was very close.The neighborhood is about 15/20 min from Dublin, but there is bus and tram with good schedule, in addition to the town has a lot of charm.<br/> I highly recommend it.1544 Teresa is a lovely host, she made sure we had everything we needed for our stay. She also accommodated for our late check-in time which was very much appreciated.<br/><br/>On top of all that she also gave us good tips on places to visit whilst in Dublin which were enjoyable.1545 Not far from the center, bus transportation is nearby, supermarket and pharmacy are at 10min walking distance. A really welcoming house, the hosts are friendly and make sure the guests have everything they need :)1546 Expect the unexpected, and enjoy a perfect Irish experience.1547 It was an absolute pleasure to meet and stay with Teresa and Hugh.  Thoughtful touches such as detailed transport options to their home from the airport, sightseeing recommendations, and bottled water in our room were most appreciated.  The complimentary continental style breakfast was an additional bonus.  A true home away from home experience! Thank you Teresa and Hugh.1548 Teresa and her husband were absolutely lovely hosts. Providing breakfast, a warm and clean room and all the necessary amenities. The house is quiet and situated close to the Luas so is perfect for getting around Dublin! Would highly recommend.1549 We enjoyed our stay, the room was comfortable and Teresa was very kind and accommodating. There was a good selection for breakfast and public transport was easily accessible from the house. :)1550 If you are looking for a good place to sleep, this is perfect.There is a bedroom, shared bathroom and kitchen.The breakfast is good, nothing special.Everything is neat and cared for.The landlord is also very friendly and provides information.It takes half an hour to get to the center.This is a great place to sleep for a few days in Dublin.1551 I had a wonderful time at Teresa's house, which is nice and comfy. I felt like at home and they were both very nice. <br/>The neighbourhood is lovely, quiet and you can be rapidly in the city center with the bus or tram. <br/><br/>Thank you both for a wonderful stay!1552 Teresa and her husband were very kind and welcoming. Her husband met me upon my entry and went over everything with me. He gave me a few maps and tips on things to do. The tram and bus stop to get into the city Centre of Dublin are within walking distance. Teresa’s place was a great place to stay near Dublin!1553 Great location, lovely hosts.1554 Teresa (host) helped to sort out another AirBnB for our stay in Dublin due to unforeseen circumstances. Despite the alternative stay costing more, Teresa gladly paid the difference for us and helped in the process.1555 Lovely house near Dublin Center. <br/>Once again thank you for receiving us so late (our plane landed 11.30pm).<br/>We really enjoyed staying at Teresa's e Hugh's place. They are a really nice and helpful couple.1556 My stay in this lovely AirBnB was as good as it gets the landlords are lovely and help you through anything the place is perfect if you are looking for something local yet a bit of a city experience!1557 The stay has been wonderful. The house is very cozy. Everything is very clean and tidy. In the morning having a delicious breakfast looking at the garden is a delightful experience.1558 Our stay at The Holly Cottage was a perfect, relaxing space that was only a 20 minute trip into Dublin. A wonderfully reliable host with great communication and recommendations, who was perfectly hospitable & our stay included breakfast! Loved the room, reliability, cleanliness, and felt greatly suited to the cosy charm of Ireland.1559 Teresa and her husband are the most kind hosts that I ever met! Their place it’s so comfortable, that make the my trip experience even better! I highly recommend them!1560 Teresa and her husband are really kind and friendly. Beautiful and comfortable house only 10 min walking from the LUAS.1561 Great hospitality, very clean, lovely people!<br/>Great Vacation.<br/>Thank you!:)1562 Very cute accommodating couple, very nice area. Nice pub just at the end of the road. House was super cute and very comfortable bed.1563 Very friendly hosts, great cottage with good connections to the city. Always quick responses.1564 very friendly.  clean room, good breakfast choices1565 Teresa and her husband are so amazing! It was wonderful staying with them and hearing all of their recommendations. We would’ve never went to Howth if Teresa hadn’t told us about it and it ended up being one of our favorite places! Definitely recommend staying here! Nice and clean, easy to get to the city. Very close to the bus stop.1566 Very nice and warm welcome. <br/><br/>Scheduling of the bathroom was difficult with overall 5 people in the house.1567 Lovely place with lovely hosts1568 My friend and I had a great stay with Teresa. She is super cool to chat with and the house itself is comfortable and has everything you’d need. It’s also super close to the 14 bus which takes you into the city or wherever you’d want to go in the area. We had a great stay and I highly recommend staying here to get the most out of your Ireland trip.<br/>Ps. Churchtown Stores bar down the road makes some great whiskey sours /cocktails and there are some good coffee shops/restaurants around that aren’t busy like the city.1569 Teresa and her husband welcomed us wonderfully.We recommend without hesitation 👍1570 They can expect a wonderful welcome,1571 Lovely stay, great location.1572 Good location and good room1573 It was lovely staying at Teresa’s. She was incredibly helpful and pleasant to chat with.1574 We had three wonderful days in Dublin at Teresa, the museums and also the wonderful suburb Horth watched ourselves on the coast.1575 Teresa and Hugh are a lovely warm couple who were only too happy to assist with my questions re: holiday in Dublin. <br/>The breakfast was very generous and the bus to city very convenient.<br/>Recommend Holly Cottage to any guests traveling to Dublin.1576 I think it's okay1577 We felt so comfortable in the beautiful cottage.<br/>Teresa is such a lovely and open person who makes you feel at ease right from the start. <br/>You have privacy, feel well taken care of and the interior of the house is beautiful and unique. <br/>We stayed there for 3 nights and can really recommend the accommodation! <br/>Teresa gives good tips on where to go and how best to get somewhere. <br/>The journey into town takes 15-20 minutes by bus, the bus stop is practically right outside the door. We actually really enjoyed the bus ride, the buses are two-storey and you have a great view. Since Churchtown and the way into the city are very beautiful to look at, the ride itself is a little experience. <br/>We were really delighted and would recommend anyone to stay with Teresa.1578 We really enjoyed our time at Teresa’s house. We had everything we needed, the house was just 25 minutes away from the city in a beautiful neighbourhood. Even though the other rooms were also occupied, the house was quiet and comfortable. Teresa and her husband are very lovely people who made us feel at home.1579 Teresa and her husband are charming hosts.We had a warm welcome.They took the time to answer our questions and advise us on visits.There is everything you need for breakfast.The room and the equipment were perfect.1580 Teresa is a golden hostess.She told us by message several days before our arrival several ways to go to her house from the airport and recommended a lot of places to visit during our stay.Once arrived, her husband made us very welcome.In the room there is a dublin plan, brochures and a neighborhood plan to find out how to take the bus or the tram.Everything has been shown and explained to us.Note that it takes about half an hour to go to the city center and that bus 14 remains the best solution.Teresa made sure several times that we spent a good stay and it was very pleasant to chat with her.We will gladly come back !1581 A beautiful gateway to Dublin and Ireland undoubtedly that we highly recommend you except the next 365 days since we have already reserved them :-) (Just a Joke).1582 If you want to discover Dublin while staying in a quiet area, Teresa's lovely place is made for you! It is only 30mn from Dublin center by tram and Teresa will give you some advice to have an agreable stay.1583 We stayed for 4 nights at Teresa & Hugh's Holly cottage.<br/>Teresa & Hugh are a lovely couple. Hugh welcomed us when we arrived, showed us around. Teresa knows all the good stuff, how to best get to certain sights by public transport. <br/>The double room is cosy, the bed comfortable. The bathroom very clean and tidy. The no 14 bus is close by, about 30 min to get to the city centre. Breakfast is more than enough choice, Irish bread, toast bread and preservatives to choose from. <br/>We went to Dublin for the Garth Brooks concert and stayed at Holly cottage for a few days. Both Teresa & Hugh were very friendly and always ready for a chat. <br/>Absolutely worthwhile staying there!1584 Margaret is very helpful and attentive! She and her husband are very nice and always available!! They are generous and very nice host!1585 Margaret and Gordon were fabulous hosts. Really looked after me while I was there. Always willing to help at every opportunity. <br/>1586 A very nice stay with Margaret and her husband. Only to short. Highly recommendable!1587 Our stay in the Georgian Studio met all our requirement and dreams. Karin was very welcoming and she took the time to show us on her map what spots were her favourites and what monuments were not to be missed. Very instructive!<br/>The studio is well decorated, super functional, and well located. We didn't even took the bus to travel in Dublin (only to come and go from the airport). <br/>I would definitely recommend staying at Karin's place!1588 Our stay was great, the apartment was lovely and very nicely equipped.<br/>Karin was a great host and some questions were answered immediately.<br/>The apartment left nothing to be desired and if I happen to visit Dublin again I'd stay there again with no doubt.1589 We had a great time in this lovely studio.<br/>Convenient location, friendly and informative host and delicious provisions helped make it a wonderful short break.1590 I contacted Karin about renting the Very Special Oval Georgian Studio for my daughter and her boyfriend.  She got the trip to Dublin as an 18th birthday present.  Karin got back to me right away and the 5 days were booked!  The couple had a wonderful time.  The studio was so nice they wanted to spend more time there!  They saved money eating breakfast and lunches in the flat.  The flat is very central, about a 10 - 15 min. walk to Temple Bar and easy to get to from the airport by bus.  Karin couldn't be there for their arrival but kindly arranged for someone to meet them.  This was our first time using Air BnB and the whole experience couldn't have been better.  Much nicer and more personal than using a hotel and cheaper as well.  Thank you so much, Karin!  We'll definitely contact you the next time we are in Dublin and will recommend you to friends!1591 It was really nice to stay at Margaret`s house, and they were very helpful hosts. Quiet area and a good bed, so I had a good sleep. Access to the bus to the airport as well as to the city is near. Good trip!1592 The host was really welcoming, they kept asking if everything was alright. All in all, I am pretty pleased with my stay. I had a great time, all the family were really friendly and hepful. They let us do more or less what we wanted but never losing respect for us.<br/>I fell good, there was no noise in the room. The first day, unforgettable!!  It was a lovely day because her husband, open-minded people and a fabulous greeter, showed me the Dublin city centre by car. <br/>Same thing with the last day, he accompanied me to the airport.<br/>With that, I will close the post that living with an Irish host offers friendship and the unique daily experience of improving English.<br/>Thank you for all and i recommend this house.1593 I had 4 lovely days in Margaret's and Gorden's house. They were very helpful host. The area is very quite and nice. The bus to the airport as well as to the city is near. That is very comfortable. I will gladly come back!1594 I liked my stay. Margaret was very nice (she came by car to pick me up at the bus station, offered me breakfast, etc.). The room is small but the house lovely. 20 minutes by bus from city centre and also from the airport.<br/>1595 Margaret was a good host . I felt like home. I had nice conversations sharing a the.The bus to the airport as well as to the city is near.comunicated by bus. I recomend the place ,The room was pretty cozy and comfortable to stay with wifi connection. I liked the breakfast and dining area too.  <br/>Thank you Margaret and Gordon! See you soon.1596 I had a great time while staying with Margret and Gordon. Both were gracious host. They made it easy on me for navigating the city and were kind to give me a ride to the bus station. I look forward to our next visit!1597 Our stay at Karin's was delightful.  She is very knowledgeable about Dublin and the best places to visit.  The room is comfortable and cozy and everything was clean.  The beds were comfortable, even the hide away bed! We didn't make use of the fireplace, but would have if it had been a bit cooler.  Karin treated us to soda bread and some breakfast items when we arrived.  The historic house is exquisite- it feels like you've stepped back in time.  We didn't cook very much, but a cup of tea, some biscuits and an Irish movie from Karin's collection was a great way to end a long day of touristing and shopping.  The surrounding area was a bit dodgy at night, but it was refreshing to see a real neighbourhood and its people and not a tourist trap.  I would definitely go back.1598 Karin was remarkably kind and accommodating for our ever changing schedule. The apartment is beautiful, and I will we could have made even better use of it!1599 The apartment is very comfortable and clean. We enjoyed every evening by the fireplace. Excellent location, right in the center of town. Karin is a very good host, always ready to help. <br/><br/>I recommend to everyone. <br/><br/>Livia1600 We had a great time in Dublin and a big part of that thanks to the thoughtful and detailed suggestions of Karin!  She even provided us maps, personal recommendations and a list of very useful information regarding the city.  <br/>The flat is great, the kitchen is very well equipped and we definitely felt at home (if our home were fancy!).  <br/>The location is not in the middle of the action, but it is within walking distance from everything we wanted (and had time) to visit.  <br/>The only setback we had was the fact that wifi went down during the whole period of our stay.  Even so, Karin was nice enough to offer us her personal iPad with a 3g connection so we could check emails and sort issues related to the ongoing trip.<br/>We would definitely stay there again.1601 Karin was a wonderful host, and the apartment was amazing. Having had to start our vacation a day later due to difficulties with our airline connections, Karin gave us some great advice that helped us re-prioritize our tourism agenda for the shorter stay. There were some great snacks left for us, as promised in the listing.<br/><br/>It was lovely to stay in what seemed like an actual neighborhood where people lived, and yet to be more or less walking distance to city center (we chose to take the 20 minute walk, though buses were available).<br/><br/>This was a great way to visit Dublin. Thanks, Karin!1602 Wonderful accommodation, I would definately recommend this to everyone, especially if you're interested in historical buildings. Karin is very friendly & helpful and has much to tell about Dublin. It was also very nice that there was some breakfast already there for us to see us through the first morning.1603 Karin is a fantastic host and the Georgian studio we stayed in was lovely. Karin is thoroughly knowledgeable about Dublin and it's environs and provided many great tips for exploring the city. The kitchen is fully outfitted and was stocked with bread, eggs, cheese and other breakfast items.1604 Karin is the perfect host and the apartment is amazing. Karin gave us some very useful tips about places to visit and restaurants not to miss and we were very happy to follow her cultural and food recommendations ! The apartment is very clean, very well equipped, and comfortable. It is in a quiet environment out of the crowd but in a short walking distance from the heart of the city. When we arrived there was some eggs, yogurt and orange juice as a starter kit: very nice and useful ! Thank you Karin ! I definitely recommend Karin and her place to stay in Dublin.1605 Karin was an excellent host.  Our stay in Dublin was wonderful.  The location of the flat was very convenient and the accomodations were just as expected.  The flat was very clean and bright.  Karin made sure we had everything we needed and we really appreciated her helping us out with laundry.  Best Airbnb we have used so far!1606 We had a wonderful 3 day stay with Karin. Beautiful charming and comfortable accommodations. Karin also provided the perfect recommendations for what to see and not see in Dublin and beyond. Highly recommend!!1607 The apartment and area were exactly as the poster described. Everything is within walking distance. Karen was such a gracious host. She showed us around the flat and gave us a good list of stores and things to do around Dublin. She was a real help and a very kind host. I would definetly recommend this flat to others!1608 Nice place to stay; it truly is within walking distance to downtown Dublin where one can experience night life at Temple Bar, catch the Hop On Hop Off bus or the other tour buses offered for touring Dublin.  We used a taxi once, late in the evening, but other than that we walked.  Very close to Dublin Airport and it was quite easy to get a taxi right out the front door the morning we left. <br/>The quarters are small, but you are only using it to sleep in and maybe fix a light breakfast and snack.  The kitchen is very functional with all the dishes one needs.  We were a group of three adults, my husband, myself and our adult daughter; it was almost too cozy so I wouldn't recommend more than two.  Linens were all clean, however, it would have been nice to have a change of clean towels at least once.  <br/>We showed up a half hour earlier than we originally which we could sense kind of frazzled the host so maybe show up as scheduled!  Upon arrival our host provided eggs, orange juice, milk, yogurt and some condiments to get you on your way the first day.  There are grocery stores near by or just dine out.  <br/>Over all this is a nice place to stay and I would recommend it to anyone wanting to experience Dublin.1609 The Oval Georgian Studio was perfect for our short stay in Dublin. Karin gave us detailed instructions on how to take the bus from the airport and had all kinds of Dublin information at the studio. We appreciated she left a few things in the fridge for our breakfast. We walked everywhere from the studio and were delighted to find the James Joyce Center just three blocks away where we saw a stunning exhibition of post-war photos by Lee Miller of James Joyce's Dublin.1610 We had a great 3 nights at Karin's. It was lovely and beautiful and comfortable. We were a short walk from the main drag and could walk easily to temple bar, trinity college etc - we even had a lovely jog to and in Phoenix park and back. The apartment itself had all you would need. It was clean and we'll furnished, had big windows,  a nice kitchen, a cool fire place, lots of dvds, a loft bed. Karin and her neice were great hosts. Overall a great stay!1611 Our stay in Dublin in Karin's Georgian studio was wonderful. Karin is a gracious, welcoming, and informative host. The location of the studio is in a quite neighborhood close to the heart of the city but not in the most crowded and noisy  parts of Dublin. The apartment is lovely. The kitchen is modern and well equipped if you like to cook you will find Karin's place perfect. My husband and I would definately stay with Karin again.<br/>Margee Bright Ragland1612 This was our first trip to Ireland, what a beautiful country.  Dublin was great with wonderful history, shops and restaurants. The people were fantastic and so friendly. Dublin is a fairly easy city to get around in. Our host Karin was more like a friend than someone we just met. She loves Dublin and is very knowledgable about her city. The apartment was wonderful. It is so nice when you are traveling to have a place that is cozy and inviting at the end of a long sightseeing day. Karin was always helpful with anything that we needed. I would recommend her apartment very highly and would definitely recommend her to anyone I know visiting the Dublin area.1613 Very nice host, beautiful and cozy apartment with fireplace, well-equipped kitchen, stero system and DVD selection!1341 This place was exactly what I needed for my long weekend in Dublin! I'm a solo female traveler and usually stay in hostels but was craving some quiet, and his place really delivered. Sooo comfy and quiet and location is perfect (a 2 min walk to the tram that takes you straight to the center). They were so kind and helpful too. Thank you guys!!1342 Vadym was a great host. He went out of his way to accommodate us. The apt. was clean and neat and well equipped. Though out from Dublin center, there was a tram stop a block away. Also enjoyed a restaurant for breakfast across the way.1343 The apartment was lovely, the kitchen well equipped including organic eggs, milk, bread, butter and jams, the bed was comfortable. We are happy walkers and walked our way across Dublin.1344 Karin was incredibly helpful in providing us with advise and suggestions on things to do and places to eat during our 2 day stay in Dublin, which really helped us get the best out of it.<br/> Accommodation is quite conveniently placed for seeing the sights, and well equipped  with everything you could need, and comfortable  for a short stay. <br/>Feel obliged to  highlight that the Ceiling of bedroom mezzanine floor  is a little low for some (such as 6ft3 husband), and space managed  well through use of low (futon style) bed.<br/>1345 The actual room was exactly as the pictures showed. Our hosts were extremely accommodating and friendly. Our lodging was within easy walking distance of the city and it's attractions, and the public transport was easy for those things not easily walked. The kitchen was well supplied. Would heartily recommend this choice for anyone coming to Dublin looking for a central location.1346 I recommend this apartment very highly. It's a really beautiful room in a lovely building, with a sweeping Georgian staircase. It's a great size for two people and we could have happily stayed there longer without ever feeling cramped. The kitchen is really well equipped, and the living area is very comfortable and cosy, as is the bed. There was bread, marmalade, juice, butter, eggs, milk, tea and coffee on arrival - a really thoughtful touch which helped us to settle in. Everything is absolutely spotless and arrival and departure were really smooth and helpful. <br/><br/>My one tip would be to bring a dressing gown - I usually don't when I'm travelling and there is an absolutely huge and very gorgeous window which made me worry that the residents of Mountjoy Square would get more than they bargained for! <br/><br/>Like other former Dublin residents, I had my doubts about the area, but it was completely unproblematic. Everyone was really friendly, we had some nice walks into town and jumped into one of the area's plentiful taxis when we were tight for time. We'll be back. <br/>1347 Teresa and Hugh were great! The home is exactly as described, our bed was nice and comfy, and we had some very convenient touches provided like usb charge ports and the use of a converter. As soon as we arrived, we got a wonderful detailed rundown of the place, things to do, and transit. Overall, it made for a lovely stay and a good jumping off point to explore Dublin and the surrounding areas.1348 Top location, stylish home, marvelous breakfast buffet, great hospitality and wonderful hosts! I have now words to explain how great it was! I really didn´t expected it to be so good. We are so grateful and we can only recommend Teresa & Hughie1349 Teresa’s home was great for the weekend! A little far from the city center, but not too far of a walk from the tram station; she provided excellent instructions to help find it. Wonderful breakfast, and very comfortable accommodations. Quiet and safe neighborhood - 2 girls in our 20s, felt perfectly safe walking to and from public transportation late at night. She had no problem with us coming and going late at night as well; she gave us our own key to get in and out of the house and the room.1350 Excellent for a short trip to Dublin. The city center is easily reachable via Tram. Teresa is a friendly and helpful host, our room was warm and cozy.1351 Wonderful hosts to stay with outside of Dublin! Great hosts that are very informative and friendly.1352 We had a wonderful time at the Georgian Studio. Although the owner was out of town, her family members met us at the door and provided helpful information about the area and the apartment. The studio was perfect for our small family of two adults and one 8 year old child. It is about a 10 minute walk to the River and even closer to a great restaurant district with Asian cuisine.1353 We loved our stay in Karin's oval Georgian studio. Karin met us with a bottle of Prosecco and some home-made cordial. We felt as if we were staying with an old friend who was glad to see us. The room is gorgeous. There's everything you could possibly need for cooking and a nice vegetable market 2 minutes away. We never took taxis or trains, since anything we wanted to do was an easy walk, even though Mountjoy Square seems a bit out of the centre. Karin was incredibly knowledgeable about Dublin and Ireland. We took every one of her recommendations, including a daytrip on the DART train to the seaside town of Greystones, which allowed us to see why the air rings with the cries of gulls. It is a delightful surprise to walk from the street into the elegance and peace of this beautifully decorated house. It was everything we expected it to be. We were there in a heatwave, but someday I'd love to be there in cold mist, with a fire on the grate. We had lovely times sipping wine with Karin in the long, long Dublin dusk. Highly recommended.1354 According to Aubrey Malone who wrote "Historic Pubs of Dublin", one of the tour books in Karin's welcome literature:   "O'Connell Street - one of the widest streets in Europe - was the centre of the city's activity.   It has fallen from grace somewhat in the past few decades and has let itself go to an extent, parts of it having become rather tacky.   (It is also something of a no-go<br/>area late at night from a crime standpoint)."    Karin's place is a few blocks from O'Connell Street, and yes the surrounding area is tacky and rather depressing.   <br/><br/>The directions to find the flat are rather uncertain to follow.   We found the following easy to follow and straight forward .... you just make one right turn.     From the airport, take the 41 bus and get off at Chester.   Walk in the direction the bus just travelled.  You will pass a pub called WJ which is actually very nice, and a recommendation from Karin.   You will also pass the porno shop and shortly thereafter see a pub on the corner.   Turn right and you will walk past the park which will be on the left.   Just past park on the corner is a rollhouse Number 54, that green door greets you to  Karin's place.    The Mountjoy Square area<br/>is a very loud and traffic ridden area.   People hang out in the streets late into the night, and on the front steps of Karin's place beverage cans and trash were left by neighborhood people who were just hanging out.    The apartment is hot with no circulating air.  There is no air conditioning or fans to cool down the living space.   Karin stated that no cooling is required with 14 foot ceilings, but the facts are the loft is 10 feet up, so you sleep amongst the hottest part of the flat.    The airbns photographs are impressive, but the reality is you can not open the largest window which Karin firmly stated to us on arrival is forbidden because of the age of the window.  The side windows do open, but we were not comfortable.  The list of repairs includes chipping paint in the shower, a gross and tacky shower head, a slow running shower drain which I hate to stand in backup water when showering, a missing light in the shower stall which was pointed out to us, a gas stove that requires matches to lit because the stove needs repairs.   Internet connection failed often and does not qualify as an internet offering:  One bar, two bars but mostly no internet available.  Clearly Karin's opportunity to cash in on the tourism revenue to Dublin is a mainstay but the overselling is rather misleading.   The offerings here does not quality for anything above a three star rating.   And no you will not have an "exceptional" stay here.   The words "patience" and "tolerance" comes to mind during our July stays here.<br/>1355 We stayed at Karin's place twice, because we booked in advance without seeing the place.    On the plus, Karin did allow us to keep the front door key making our return easy.   As well as kept a travel bag in storage.    Our return was a dreaded experience because we knew from the other visit that the apartment would be hot, and street noise was going to loud.   Which it was on both accounts.   The cab driver said to us too bad the homes were not located on the other side of town.... beautiful old row houses in a safe clean neighborhood.   Mountjoy square has too many problems to  regain the gentry it once experienced generations ago.   For the money you will spend at Karin's place, look for a unit in a safer neighborhood.   My mistake was to rely on airbnb too much and I did not conduct separate searches on the area.   Read about this area:  (Website hidden by Airbnb)1356 We had an amazing stay here. It was our first stop in Ireland and it was a great way to start the trip. The apartment had everything we could have needed. It was an easy walking distance to restaurants and to the main shopping areas. Karin was a great host, she was very helpful with giving us recommendations. Would definitely stay here again if in Dublin!1357 I was very pleased with my stay at Karin's. Her niece, Orla, met me on arrival and I was provided with a map and basic directions and information about Dublin and the nearby area. Karin later checked that I had all the information I needed and was most helpful in all instances. The home-made soda bread was fabulous! The property is on the corner of one busy and one quiet street and there was some vehicle and happy-go-lucky pedestrian traffic owing to the Gaeilic Football matches that weekend. So, some other's comments about the street noise are valid - however I wasn't bothered by it and happily figured it to be a part of my Ireland experience! I'm a light sleeper and still slept very soundly during my two nights stay. The room was great - I made use of the kitchen (and the kindly provided food basics), the mattress was comfortable, and the wifi was convenient to plan my first forays into Dublin's city centre. The city is reasonably close and I felt very safe walking around (and getting lost!) in the area. After two days I was comfortable finding my way around. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again!1358 We very much enjoyed Dublin (first time!) and staying in the Mountjoy Square section of the city. The apartment is spacious, beautiful, comfortable and nicely situation (everything within easy walking distance). We loved that Karin met us and shared the ins and outs of the city, and took time to discuss Irish history and point out the sites and restaurant ideas on the map she provided. Karin is very knowledgeable and very proud of her heritage and that really helped us get excited and feel enthusiastic about being there even though we were at the end of a long trip (and feeling ready to head home). By the end of our time in Dublin we weren't ready to leave Ireland; we wanted to stay and see the countryside, etc. We agreed we'd have to return in a couple years and focus our vacation only on that one country. So in conclusion, why would anyone stay in a hotel because for the same price you can stay in an actual HOME? - a furnished apartment with food in the fridge and a welcoming host!1359 Staying at Karin's studio is having the Dubliner living experience for some days! The location is central and excellent neighborhood. The building is very nice, well maintained, decorated with nice ancient furniture. The flat is very comfortable, the kitchen has every thing you may need (even coffee, sugar, salt, etc..), the bath room is very clean (as every thing else), the shower excellent !! Karin has books and DVD's available. There is a bit of noise out from the street but it did not bother us. The bus from the airport stops there!! I recommend staying at Karin's flats in Dublin.1360 great apartment. not much to do in the direct area, but it's a short walk from where all the action is. some people have made reference to the neighbourhood the apartment is in. i had no trouble at all and thought it was a fine neighbourhood. karin was helpful, the apartment was clean and the eggs, toast and fruit she provided was a nice touch.1361 We had a fantastic experience staying in Karin's apartment. It is very centrally located (about a 5-10 minute walk right into the Dublin action). All of the amenities were available, including a selection of DVDs for any jet-lagged folks that are awake in the middle of the night. :)<br/><br/>Karin was extremely helpful in guiding us on what to do during our stay in Dublin. She had fantastic recommendations as well as several stories about each point of interest. <br/><br/>We had a very easy time finding the apartment, checking in, and overall experience. Thank you Karin!1362 We  enjoyed staying here The studio was lovely and clean location great.1363 What a beautiful little studio! I felt very at home and comfortable here, and the little touches such as bread and tea and coffee really made it a great stay. I wish I could have stayed longer and I would definitely stay here again if I come back to Dublin. The bed was very comfortable too. Thanks so much for your hospitality Karin!1364 Great apartment, all you need in a home away from home.  Quiet location yet only a short walk to the city center.  Karin was an amazing host, taking very good care of us as our luggage was lost by our airline and she provided a goodie bag for us with essentials (shampoo, toothpaste, soap, etc...) and also made herself available when the airline called to deliver our bag the day after we arrived.  She made a stressful situation bearable!  We were so grateful to her as we would lost a whole afternoon/day of sightseeing without her flexibility since we did not have a mobile.  Thanks for everything Karin!  And thanks for being such a great host to my mom who stayed in the ground floor apartment a month prior to my visit!1365 We had a great stay at this apartment which was within easy walking distance to everything in Dublin.  Karen was a gracious host and more than helpful, even letting us leave some luggage off before our stay with her when we took a side trip for an extended weekend to Portugal.  We appreciated the food that she left for us, and the homemade banana bread that she made sure that we got after our arrival.  The apartment was very clean and comfortable, stocked with everything you need.1366 wonderful accommodation, well stocked kitchen, worry-free stay.1367 My husband and I stayed at Karin's flat while in Dublin in September 2013.  It is a very historic and charming building and the unit itself was wonderfully appointed.  Karin is a wonderful host, she spent some time with us recommending places to go and not to go.  The map she marked up became our guide for the week.  We would definitely stay there again and highly recommend it!1368 Excellent, very friendly and knowledgeable welcome. Nice, cosy appartment, suitable for two, tastefully decorated and efficiently equipped. Highly recommended, particularly if one favours the literary associations of northern Dublin.1369 Thank you Karin for such a lovely stay!  The studio is incredibly charming and very well maintained, as is the entire building.  Everything we needed was there, including food and coffee that was in the fridge for us!  Bonus was the working fireplace, which just added to the whole feel. There was not one level of detail missed and all of the information laid out for us was extremely helpful.  Thanks again and we highly recommend staying here!1370 Karin's flat is as beautiful and spotlessly clean as the photos suggest. The bed is comfortable and we both slept very well. Karin was a lovely hostess. She was always within reach if we had a question and we felt like we were staying with family. We know Dublin quite well but we appreciated the map provided to help us find some of the local conveniences.<br/><br/>We really appreciated the fresh milk, eggs, soda bread, tea, coffee, and other lovely basics to help us settle into our holiday.<br/><br/>We chose the location on purpose as it's not a tourist area and we like to be away from the noise of pubs. You'll want to be prepared for traffic sounds, but Dublin is a busy city and that will be your experience anywhere. Karin's flat about a 15-20 minute walk to the Temple Bar area.<br/><br/>I only wish we had stayed longer. We were so happy with our stay and we will definitely stay here again when we return to Dublin. Thank you, Karin.1371 The apartment is lovely with all the amenities necessary for a comfortable stay. I didn't get to meet Karin, however she left some delicious homemade banana bread, thanks! Karin's niece, who handled check-in was very friendly and had lots of great tips for enjoying the area.1372 Karin was a lovely host, who had excellent communication. Left voluminous information for my parents and gave wonderful service. Parking and meeting were well-organised, despite Karin not being able to be there. Her knowledge of Dublin was extensive and helped greatly. My parent's trip went with ease. Thanks very much for making their journey so special!1373 Karin and this apartment were absolutely wonderful! Karin met us at the apartment and spent lots of time showing us where we should go to dinner and what we should do in Dublin. She was very sweet and knowledgeable about the city she lives in! She even left us butter, marmalade, bread, muesli, milk, juice and eggs. We had enough to make breakfast both mornings we were there! It was such a treat. She takes wonderful care of the entire building and you can tell. The apartment was comfortable and clean and was in a quiet area that was only not a far walk from the center of town. I would recommend this apartment (or any that Karin was renting) to everyone!1374 Beautiful Georgian flat!!  Great location and easy to find.  Karin was extremely helpful and gave us loads of information regarding Dublin.      We were able to park our car in the back of the house - money went to charity so we were more than happy to accept.  Definitely stay there!1375 What a beautiful place to stay! Knocks the socks off any hotel, and the personal welcome from Karin was priceless. The flat is perfect, well positioned and warm. Thank you Karin for making everything except the marathon a comfortable experience ; )1376 We spent a gorgious stay in Karin's studio! It was exactly like in the pictures: big and practical kitchen with all equipment you could need, nice little room upstairs, cosy fireplace (we built a fire and it was so appreciated with cold outside :))...<br/>Cherry on the cake: Karin is lovely and provides all information you need in a binder (bus times, town maps, ideas to go out...), a lot of books and DVD, and in addition to that there are also some food for guest's arrival (fruits, milk, butter, jam...). Really appreciable!!1377 Beautiful and cozy apartment. Very clean. The location was perfectly walkable to everywhere we wanted to go. Karin was a lively host who provided great insight and information to her city. Highly recommended!1378 A lovely, airy room in a Georgian townhouse on a truly grand scale – and a great place from which to explore Dublin.  Floor-to-ceiling height is huge, but the crafty bed-deck stops it from being overwhelming and gives the feeling of being in a loft apartment all in one room.<br/>The secure parking was, we were advised by Irish friends, a godsend for central Dublin – and so it proved to be. <br/>Although Mountjoy Square is usually squeezed off central Dublin tourist maps, we felt close to the city centre; the river & south side easily accessible on foot.  Karin is a fount of information, and the various intended strands of our visit soon fell into place in her expert hands.  Having only one evening and the following day before departing Dublin, this was a great help.<br/>1379 Great experience overall, the place was just as the photos indicate. Clean, well located and Karin is an excellent host.1380 My daughter and I stayed in this lovely apt at the beginning of Dec. Although Karin was not at home during my visit, she made sure that we got into the apt and everything was taken care of. The actual apt I stayed in ( not this one) and the change was agreed to prior to my arrival was nice but the living room furniture was not very comfortable.  Overall, it was a great location and would love to stay in one of Karin's apts during my next visit to Dublin.1381 We stayed four nights in this lovely apartment.  Both the apartment and host were delightful.  I would highly recommend.1382 Amazing apartment! Clean, beautiful, quirky and most of all Karin the host was kind, helpful and informative! Perfectly located to experience all the Dublin has to offer. Would highly recommend staying here!1383 The space is cozy, georgeus and perfectly outfitted. Karin's recommendations are very useful, we loved everything she recommended. Last but not least, the welcome Karin extended to us was really pleasant. <br/><br/>Only one "but": Some passing traffic noise.<br/><br/>Highly recommendable for couples.1384 A truly special experience of old Georgian Dublin but with all the comforts and mod cons. Karin was an excellent host and provided all sorts of useful tips about where to go and what to see as well as delicious marmalade and luxurious bedlinen. We stayed a whole week and it felt like a home from home. Will definitely go back.1385 Karin is an utterly fantastic host, and her apartment is beautiful. Dublin is a wonderful city, but the opportunity to stay in such a delightful Georgian house was as enjoyable as wandering Dublin's historic streets. The amenities were fantastic; we did a lot of cooking and the kitchen was well stocked. Karin kindly left us muesli, fruit juice and soda bread for when we arrived. <br/><br/>Karin made everything simple, from arrival to departure, and when we return to Dublin we can't imagine staying anywhere else. <br/><br/>1386 Vadym was such a wonderful host! Their home was clean, comfortable, and had a great location. He was so helpful in making our experience in Dublin great!1387 Dublin is a busy city and I would never recommend staying in the city centre. The apartment is two stops from Heuston Station on the tram and the airport bus stops and starts at the station. You walk easily and directly to the accommodation from the tram stop. The building is safe and secure and in a street away from traffic and noise. It's a nice good looking neighbourhood. Vadym welcomed me, showed me around and was always available to answer questions. The room is compact but VERY comfortable and I'm sure the balcony is also lovely in the summer. The bathroom is separate, but for your exclusive use and there is access to the kitchen and living area. It's a modern apartment, fast wifi,  good lighting, and I was particularly impressed by a toilet seat that lights up in the dark! I enjoyed talking to Vadym who is genuinely interested in his guests. Communication was excellent, the space was warm, incredibly clean, and perfect to go back to after long days at a Conference. Thank you for your kindness and hospitality. Take care and have a happy Christmas.1388 We had a wonderful stay at Jose and Vadyms apartment. Very clean, lovely hosts and all the facilities you could need. The breakfast cereals and coffee was a nice touch. Short walk into the city or you can get the tram which stops just outside the apartment blocks. Nice and quiet area. No problems at all. Thank you for having us we will be staying again! Charlotte and Faye1389 My stay with Jose and Vadym was absolutely perfect! They were extremely responsive prior to and during the trip. Furthermore, the apartment was immaculate and conveniently located close to the city center. Vadym was extremely accommodating and warm, which was the icing on the cake. Club at1390 Amazing! Vadym was very easy to coordinate with and lovely to talk to. Great space and location - thank you for making our first visit to Dublin so memorable!1391 Room was great. Bathroom was great. Hospitality was beyond measure. I would give them 5 Stars, overall! Can't wait to do it again!1392 Nice place, nice guys1393 Friendly, Servical, honest.A very accessible place and it is worth doing check-in with them.1394 Vadym was a great host! He was very friendly and provided everything I needed. His place is very modern and comfortable, and it's located conveniently around the corner from the Luas, which takes you straight into the city center.1395 Great hospitality! Val went out of his way to pick me up from tram station very early in the morning to ensure my safety and to let me put my suitcases in the apartment because check in was not for several more hours. <br/><br/>Great location for St Patrick’s Cathedral and Guinness. About a 2 mile walk to St. Stephens Park. <br/><br/>Overall geeat experience!1396 For anyone visiting Dublin, i would definitely recommend this place! Very close to a tram station that takes you to city center. Guiness storehouse is only 5-10min walking distance. Vadym was really helpful and had great communication. Great hospitality! Very clean house with a lovely cat!1397 3 minutes north of Fatima Station which is on the Red Luas line.  2 balconies (one private).  Deep bath with supplied bubbles.  Breakfast cereal and free fruit.  Comfortable bed. Constant 20 degrees which was wonderful as it was 2 outside !!  Terrific company when they were there which wasn't often.  Given own key.  Everything you could wish for. Highly recommend1398 It was our first time not renting an 'entire flat' through AirBnB, so we were a bit anxious to see what it would be like staying in a private room but Jose's place exceeded our expectations and was the perfect way to spend New Years in Dublin. It's an easy tram ride into the city centre, or a quick 20 minute walk, and was the perfect amount of space for two people and all of our luggage. The apartment was clean and Jose was very communicative before we arrived so it was easy to find the place. We felt very welcome and safe, very much appreciated the local tips as well!1399 Excellent communication during whole process. We were arriving early morning after overnight flight and Vadym let us check in early and let us know as soon s  as place was ready. He also greeted us and explained the household. It was great to have a hair dryer and currency converter provided. All in all it was great, easy stay.1400 Lovely and stylish house, just two minutes walking from the Fatima luas station, good linked with the city centre. Clean and comfy, and Vadym (the host) is a really kind person. Really happy about that.1401 The place is really nice and clean and the bed is very comfortable.  Vadym was also helpful and a nice guy to chat with.  He went out of his way to ensure I got my airport taxi at 4:15am which was much appreciated.  For some reason I was expecting to have the place to myself so was suprised when I paid for shared apt.  Maybe it was my bad for not reading the listing properly but for this reason I thought it was a little expensive.  Overall though it was a good stay!1402 Vadym's hospitality was amazing. I think it was one of the best Airbnb experience I've ever had. he was very sweet and helpful with all questions and we hung out once. I recommend for anyone who is interested in Dublin. A literal 10 minute tram ride from outside his home was all that was needed to get into the city center. Great home, great location and awesome neighborhood. Will absolutely visit again1403 Really great place for a short stay,location is easy and directions to the flat were clear and I found it without trouble.1404 The room was very nice and clean, and had all we needed for a long weekend! Vadym was very helpful and lovely.1405 Our stay at their place was fabulous! Vadym was super helpful and welcoming. The apartment is incredibly clean, comfy, tidy, silent and near LUAS that could easily take us everywhere we wanted. We highly recommend their place!1406 Had a wonderful stay!Vadym is very hospitable and does everything to make your stay as pleasant as possible.The room is neatly and nicely dressed and very nice that you can use a private bathroom.1407 Lovely modern apartment, charming and caring hosts and impeccably clean. What more to say. Perfect Airbnb.1408 Vadym gave me a very warm welcome. Jose was not at home. Vadym explained everything about my room and showed me the kitchen and the living room, which we shared. There were free coffee and tea. I also had my own bathroom in the flat. Everything was very clean. Vadim’s communication was extraordinary. After the booking he gave me a lot of tips, such as directions from the airport, where to go and how to access the flat. I can 100% recommend Jose & Vadim's Airbnb.1409 Super moment at Jose & Vadym, <br/> The apartment is very pleasant with a very beautiful decoration. <br/> The place is quiet, the apartment is located in a very quiet residential area. <br/> José wasNot present during our trip but Vadym welcomed our open arms. <br/> The tram to reach the center of Dublin is at the foot of the building and it takes no more than 10 minutes to reach the center. <BR/> Super very relaxing stay!1410 Vadim is a beautiful person and an incredible host. My girlfriend and I stayed 3 nights and it was wonderful. The apartment is clean, quiet and artistically incredible!1411 The house is very welcoming and warm and the private bathroom is very spacious.It is very well connected to the major attractions of the city, through the LUA (Website Hidden by Airbnb) minutes walk from Guinness.Even by taxi, however, it is feasible, we have never spent more than 9 euros to return home in the evening.We had a really good time!1412 Jose&Vadym were very accommodating, they were there when we showed up and gave us a very helpful map and showed us the best way to get to the places we wanted to go and also made a few other suggestions of sites to see. Their home is very clean and modern. And they had coffee and fruit available for your mornings.<br/><br/>Quiet at night but only a block away from the tram system and within walking distance of the Guinness storehouse, which made it easy to get where we wanted to go. <br/>We had to leave very early for our flight (4am) and they very kindly arranged a taxi to pick us up so we did not have to worry about figuring it out.<br/>I’d highly recommend them to anyone staying in Dublin.1413 I had a wonderful experience! He was so accommodating and welcoming. I will definitely come back!1414 Jose & Vadym's place is amazing. It is super convenient, right next to a tram stop. Everything is spotless and totally clean. The bed was the most comfortable I've been in for awhile, I slept like a rock. They are amazing hosts, very friendly and interesting to talk to. A very stylish flat in a quiet area of town, but still well connected. Guinness Storeroom is walkable and the main train station (if your flight is before tram service starts - like mine!)1415 Jose & Vadym have been very quick in their responses to our messages. The check-in procedure went very smoothly and Jose made sure we felt welcome and comfortable. The room itself was clean and light, with a nice balcony. The bathroom was very spacious and comfortable. All in all, a good experience. Thanks.1416 Jose&Vadym's place is a great base to explore Dublin! Walking distance to the city centre and good connection to the airport. They were super flexible as they were around to check us in went we arrived from the airport at midday when outside it was a great sunny day. They could have gone out and check us in later  on but they didn't, thank you!<br/><br/>The room is good size if you are looking for a place to crash after a day getting lost in Dublin with your own bathroom.<br/><br/>I'd totally recommend and stay again at Jose&Vadym's!1417 I only met Vadym, who is a very kind person and makes you feel at home!Their apartment is very pretty, super clean and the bed is to die for so much we sleep well.Vadym is also very attentive for the slightest question.The apartment is very easily accessible in both tram and feet, being away from the center, it allows a certain tranquility and an attractive price.1418 Jose and Vadym's place was great! It's really close to the train station which makes getting anywhere in Dublin easy. The room and bathroom we're completely  ours and both were  very clean. They had extra toiletries in the bathroom in case we needed and even  let us borrow their power plug adapter. They were both very  nice and we would definitely recommend their place!1419 Excellent option for those who go to Dublin.If I can come back again.1420 Vadym, was a great host and he was very welcoming. He was incredibly easy to communicate and at our arrival he recommended places to see and visit in Dublin. Vadym's  flat was really clean and  conveniently located to the city center and public transportation.1421 Vadym is a great host, very pleasent and willing. He gave us lots of tips where to go and respond immediatelly to all our questions. The room is very clean and comfortable, what´s more, we had our own bathrom.<br/>Flat is 2 minutes from tram station and very close to the city center. I recommend Vadim's flat!1422 Very nice place, Vadym was very welcoming and hospitable. We greatly enjoyed being able to catch the tram right across the street!1423 Vadym and Jose's place is full of warmth, hospitality, flexibility, and is spotlessly clean.  Vadym was so quick with communication and support of anything needed. The location next to the tram line is a quick link to the City Centre. Great value and great stay. Thank you!1424 This was a great space, the description was spot on and Vadym was helpful and friendly! We would definitely book with them again!1425 Another fine Airbnb experience. Conveniently located right on the tram line1426 The apartment was very clean and Vadym was very pleasant.1427 Walking distance to tons of attractions and restaurant, across the street from the Luas station, very easy to get around. Extremely clean!1428 had an absolutely amazing stay, the space, towels and bed linens were immaculate. anything I could have wanted or needed was available, from coffee to a hairdryer to international adapters for electronics. the apartment was also very secure and so close to the luas, very very convenient! next time I come to Dublin I will be sure to book again!1429 Vadym's place was absolutely spotless. The kitchen was well organised and very clean. The bedroom was comfortable and the bedding was light and fluffy. Vadym was very accommodating, gave us tips in the area and we had many interesting conversations. An excellent place to stay, ideally located to visit the centre of Dublin daily. Thank you.1430 We loved every minute of our time in Dublin! Vadym was so accommodating , had many amazing suggestions and made all aspects of our trip smooth and enjoyable! Would highly recommend visiting Dublin and staying at this apartment! Great location, great communication, and great hosts!1431 Wonderful stay!1432 Had the best time!the room is perfect,great bed,private bathroom and veranda,spotless!the area is quiet and safe and the location is uniquely close to the tram station.I only meet Vadym who is so polite,sociable and happy person!He gave me a lot of tips and he was available any time.Thank you for a great stay!1433 Vadym’s place was a great place for our quick stay in Dublin! It is very close to the Guinness Storehouse and the tram ride is very convenient to the train station (Heuston) and also for getting into the heart of the city. The apartment was very, very clean- one of the cleanest Airbnb’s I’ve ever stayed in. This was actually my first time staying in a room within an apartment (compared to having the whole apartment to myself) and it was a great first experience. Vadym was very respectful and the apartment was quiet and restful. Moreover, I felt safe and welcomed by Vadym. Although the area around the apartment seemed to be a little ‘rougher’ than other areas of Dublin, the apartment building itself felt very safe and was VERY close to the tram line. Little details: the water pressure in the shower was great, the bed was comfortable, the room had a lovely balcony off it and great blackout curtains for a good nights sleep. It was quiet. The cat was very adorable but didn’t come around much.1434 Our stay at Vadym's place was perfect for us. It had everything we needed or wanted, plus some. The balcony attached to the bedroom was perfect for relaxing at night. Overall we would definitely go back and recommend their place to others.  Vadym also let us drop our bags off early as well as check in early so we were able to get some rest after a long flight!1435 perfect appartment and perfect host!1436 Jose and Vadyms place is a great apartment with a nice room for guests with their own bathroom. The flat was very clean and Vadym was very friendly, accesible and nice to us. We will recommend him to anybody although the flat is a little bit far from the center to walk but you have the Luas station in front of it.1437 Vadym was excellent.The location of the house was perfect a stone's throw from Luas and the center.1438 Apartment very well located.I recommend.1439 It was a lovely place and we had a great time in Dublin!<br/>The room was as nice as described!1440 Teresa and her husband Huey were such great hosts! They provided not only great hospitality but also recommendations, stories and just all around great conversation! I’ll definitely be back to visit so I would definitely recommend them!1441 Very nice people and a great place to stay!1442 We had a lovely time at Teresa’s. It was a very cozy place to stay at. Everything worked out fine! Thank you for having us:)1443 Very nice host. He gave us a few tips and was very helpful. Communication by e-mail is particularly fast and reliable. The location is also very close to the tram station which takes about 10-15 minutes to get to the center. Thank you for your hospitality<br/><br/>1444 Great hospitality from Vadym.  He explained everything to us very clearly. The flat was very cosy and pictures on the profile matched with reality. We recommend your stay by Jose and Vadym.1445 Clean room and bathroom, good location near Fatima station, the environment very quiet, good kitchen to use. Highly recommended. <br/>1446 A very clean and tidy modern flat. Vadym made it very easy for us and made us feel at home. Great communication.1447 Lovely room with balcony. Everything was clean and the location was close to the city centre. Vadym and Jose were great host with nice tips about Dublin so we could really enjoy our trip! Would really recommend it for a short stay.1448 Pictures on the profile match with reality. The room - and the whole appartment - is very clean. Vadym - José was not here - was very nice, he welcomed us like a friend. We felt very comfortable. By Luas it is very easy to travel to the city centre. Also a walk is very well possible. We will definitely keep this address for our next visit in Dublin.1449 Vadym is a gracious, thoughtful and very organized host. The tram is a short distance and accessible to city centre. We had a fabulous time at this airbnb and rank it as one of the best we have stayed at. <br/>~  Frank and Sonia1450 Vadym was super friendly and helpful during our stay. The location is not near the city center so just know there will be a lot of walking. About 20 minutes to Guinness but everything else is 30-40 minutes walk. But the neighborhood seemed safe. Kinda loud during the day with all the kids but quiet at night. Soap and shampoo was available for us to use. Shower was a good size. Very inconvenient location to leave luggage if you arrive before the 5pm check in. About 30-35 minute walk and it costs money to leave the luggage. But that was the only slightly inconvenient thing. Everything else was great.1451 The apartment was very nice and clean! Vadym was so helpful and willing to assist with any questions asked.  About a 15-30 min walk to major Dublin attractions! We had a great time and would love to come back!1452 Jose&Vadym's place is very clean and is located in a quiet neighborhood.  Location is a short distance walk to the city tram.  It is very easy to get to city center.  Extra kudos to Vadym for providing us a smooth check in process.  He also offered us great tips around the city.  Great stay overall!1453 This is a great place to stay if you want a clean, comfortable room in a good location. Jose was very welcoming and made us feel at home. It’s very convenient for the LUAS tram service and we were happy that we followed Jose’s recommendation to buy a three day LEAP card when we arrived at the airport; it made it very easy to get around the city.1454 A nice small apartment  very close  located to the LUAS Tram line. Ideally, when you join in a Congress in the Convention Center.<br/> Jose is a very friendly host! Thanks!1455 Clean and comfortable.  5 minute walk to Guinness Storehouse.  Able to find free street parking very close to apartment.  Very friendly and helpful.1456 Great location for those who want to see downtown Dublin!1457 Very clean, had all of the essentials, comfortable bed with cute patio attached to bedroom, room was equipped with a converter for chargers, across the street from tram, 20-30 min walk to city center.1458 It has been a great experience.I was only two 2 nights, I had the opportunity to meet only Vadym, a very friendly and attentive person.The floor very clean, equal or even better than in the photos.I would certainly repeat.1459 A beautiful apartment centrally located. I spend a while here and managed to get everywhere you'd possibly want to be throughout the city without any difficulty.1460 Great place, great host(s) although i have only met Vadym. <br/>Vadym was very helpful, the place was sparkling clean and comfy. <br/>His kitty is adorcable :)<br/>its a walking distance from city center and there is a tram right next to the building making getting to and out of the neighborhood super easy.1461 It was just e perfact stay!! We felt very comfortable. Everything was well organized. Karin was a really very friendly host.<br/><br/>Thank you very much for everthing. <br/>Cyril & Friends1462 10/10. So clean, Teresa and her husband are so nice and give great suggestions on places to visit. They give you maps for bus and trains and also tour guides info. They are awesome!1463 Teresa's little "Holly Cottage" is the perfect place to spend a few wonderful days in Dublin.Even if the accommodation is a bit outside of Dublin, you can easily reach the city center by bus or train.Apart from the detailed directions and the tips that Teresa sent us before our arrival, we also received support on site with finding the right bus connection or daily activity.<br/> The rooms are very lovingly furnished and you feel directly at home, which is also due to the warm way of the hosts.<br/> I would always like to be Teresa's guest.1464 Teresa and her husband were lovely! They were so helpful in providing insight on where to go to have the best Dubin experience. In addition, it was very clean and stylish. Highly recommend!1465 Great place!Teresa is a top host, very welcoming and full of good advice.<br/> The double room we had was very clean and very comfortable: clean sheets, heated bed, socket adapter.A bathroom is reserved for hosts.<br/> The breakfast buffet was perfect!1466 We have found good and super cheap accommodation!1467 Teresa’s place is a quite locality and is very stylish with very thoughtful touches. She and her husband are very respectful of the person staying at the property and at their toes to help when needed.1468 Hosts were brilliantly helpful. The house was amazing and near everything we were interested in getting to. Also Teresa is a saint. We had a minor scheduling issue and they worked through it with us without a complaint and were super kind through the whole thing. You wont find a more lovely couple in all Dublin and that is saying something. Everyone we met was super nice.1469 Teresa and her husband are really nice hosts!They are extremely warm and nothing is missing.In addition, you get really good insider tips, what you can see.The connection to the city center is optimal and right in front of the door and also in Dundrum yourself you can shop or go out to eat.Clear recommendation!1470 Very kind and sweet people. A pleasure to stay with them!1471 Teresa and Hugh are wonderful hosts in their cozy cottage in Churchtown. Great spot for launching into exploring Dublin.1472 If you want to love Dublin, you must first reside at Teresa.You will be made to feel very welcome in a warm, quiet and impeccable setting.Very well advised and directed.Being a bit out of the way will allow you to discover the Dublin life!1473 Both of our hosts were very helpful. It's very easy to get to the house from the airport and to Dublin. Great experience!1474 Great location with easy transport links. Nice friendly atmosphere and lovely hosts.1475 Teresa and Hugh were both amazing, kind, helpful and thoughtful. I love my stay in their beautiful and comfortable home and would choose to stay with them again should the occasion arise once more. Highly recommended! Great location for shopping, the mountains, sea and Dublin centre, very close to transport links too if you don't have a car!1476 Teresa is adorable.The breakfast is generous and a real advantage in a super pleasant and bright kitchen which gives on the garden.The room is comfortable and very quiet like the neighborhood.A nice pub at the end of the street (full of good gins & whiskey for amateurs).Bus 14 which takes 100 meters further serves the city center in approximately 30 minutes with good correspondence for the airport and the DART.He spends every quarter of an hour and finished the service at 11:30 p.m.The Luas Vert is not very far: about 10 minutes walk and brings to the city center in about 20 minutes.1477 We had a wonderful time at Teresa’s place! The room and the house are neat and clean, the bed really comfortable! Teresa and her husband are really charming and will recommend you the best place of Dublin to visit. Thanks for all the advices and see you surely soon!1478 Despite the late hour we wer greeted super friendly. Our room was perfectly equipped,  clean and big enough for two people. Breakfast was included in the price and there was a lot of choice. The house is super cozy and the two hosts (Hughie and Teresa) are super nice and lovely. We felt right at home. With the bus or the train/tram one arrive within 20 minutes in the City centre. The connections are good. I would recommend the accommodation to anyone who doesn't want to live right in the centre of Dublin. You could also meet some other guest and have nice conversation with them. Dundrum is a very beautiful and idyllic place. Perfect holiday with a perfect accommodation :)1479 Very nice hosts, all good.1480 Gorgeous backyard with plenty of seating, beautiful kitchen with 3 walls of windows, and free parking on site! They are very friendly people with a lovely home.1481 What a wonderful little home with warm and caring hosts! I could not recommend Teresa and her husband more; they were both happy to tell us about different places to visit in the area and were interested in learning about our lives back in the States. Our room was cozy and had everything we needed for our week-long stay. The Holly Cottage was the perfect home-away-from-home for our first trip to Ireland and we couldn't have asked for better hosts.1482 Theresa’s place is fantastic - I stylish and tidy Irish house far from the city center but very accessible with the bus - the ride offers the possibility of capturing the city’s beauty :) You also benefit of a breakfast with a view - part of the kitchen’s walls are made of glass and you can see the beautiful garden. <br/><br/>She was very hospitable and offered a lot of information regarding places to visit as tourists. <br/><br/>I would gladly return there!1483 T and Huey are so awesome!! Their house is sooo cute and very close to the 14 bus that takes you into town. They are also very helpful with tips around the town, and on what you should do. Highly recommend!1484 Fantastic host. Felt like home1485 Very friendly and helpful people, they are very organized and have a good system1486 Beautiful home and amazing hosts! I would definitely book with them again.1487 Teresa was very friendly and patient with us, although we had some unexpected changes in our travel plan. The flat was very comfortable, tidy and nice. The breakfast was also very good. During the night the water heater turned on every now and then, which was quite noisy and kept waking the sleeper up. However, we can highly recommend Teresa’s place!1488 Very warm welcome!Teresa guided us even before we asked for information.Very clean house, very kind people.1489 We spent a lovely week-end at Teresa's place. The cottage is very well situated, it's very easy to get to the city centre and Teresa and her husband provided us with all the information we needed about public transport, places to visit etc. The house is cosy and clean, the bedroom really nice, the only problem is the water heater which is really noisy and kept waking us up at night. But for the rest of it, it was a great stay and we thank Teresa and her husband for their hospitality !1490 A great alternative to an expensive Dublin hotel. Teresa is so friendly and it is truly lovely to come back to a suburban atmosphere when travelling. Simple transport options into Dublin City.1491 Such a welcoming place to stay near Dublin. The cottage was even cuter than we could have imagined, and the hospitality made us feel at home. Would definitely come again.1492 Teresa and her husband are very hospitable and open.We were happy to talk to you and therefore felt really comfortable in the apartment.Shops etc. are easy to reach on foot, including the trip to/from the airport or parts of the Wicklow Way are very simple.I can recommend the accommodation.1493 The cottage is nice, a bit away from the city center. Bright kitchen where self service cold breakfast is served. Room not big but cozy. Good value for money! Thanks!1494 Teresa and her husband have a wonderful small house in churchtown. To the City Center it takes you about 30 to 45 minutes.<br/>We had a nice little double room. In the bathroom it can get a bit busy,  as three room share one bathroom with toilet. <br/>Breakfast is continental and good.1495 Amazing place to stay in a superb location, hosts are lovely. Would highly recommend.1496 Comfortable accomodation, convenient for Dublin amenities. Lovely hosts.1497 Teresa and her husband run a lovely B&B. The rooms, while modest, are comfortable and very clean. Their location is well situated to grab public transit and Teresa is wonderful with help to get out and about with suggestions and directions. The only suggestion I have is for folks that are light sleepers and that is to bring ear plugs. The cottage is lovely, but there are noises in the early evening with other guests using the common washroom etc. Not unexpected with common facilities.1498 My stay at Karin's apartment was perfect. This was my first Airbnb stay and if they're all like this I won't stay in a hotel again. The apartment was in a very nice building and was cleaner than I could have imagined. Karin woke up very early to accommodate our arrival and was very pleasant. There were no surprises in regards to the apartment and Karin left us some breakfast foods and coffee which was great! The apartment was located perfectly so a ten minute walk will get you to anything you need. I would highly recommend staying if you're looking for a place in Dublin.1499 My sister, her son and I had a wonderful stay in Karin's beautiful apartment.  It is the ideal place to stay when visiting Dublin.  It is in a great location as the apartment is very near to the city centre - within easy walking distance of O'Connell St. (less than a 10 min walk in).  The apartment  is really lovely, it is beautifully maintained and has everything needed for a really comfortable stay. Karin is a wonderful and welcoming host.  I would highly recommend both Karin and her wonderful apartment and would definitely stay in this apartment again - a very unique place.  Rosemarie1500 It's all been said before in every review left for Karin and every word of it is true, Karin and her apartment are exceptional. She was completely available for any questions or concerns prior to arriving as well as during our stay. Left for us to enjoy were homemade banana bread, tea, coffee, juices, fruit, yoghurt, eggs, and milk. Her kitchen is stocked with every imaginable pot and pan needed to prepare any meal in the lovely kitchen. <br/><br/>The flat is exquisite, yet comfortable and homey with a cosy couch and plenty of DVDs or books to enjoy by the fire. Karin provided tons of literature about Dublin along with maps of the area and guides for every tourist attraction in the city. She also has adapters available so as to easily convert our U.S. plugs to fit the Irish outlets - extremely convenient. <br/><br/>The Mountjoy area is beautiful and an excellent neighbourhood. It's location is far enough from the city to avoid crazy amounts of people and tourists, but convenient enough so that all the sights are an easy walk from the flat. Markets for groceries are nearby and quite reasonable. <br/><br/>My highest recommendation regarding Karin and her incredible apartment!1501 The room and bed are very comfortable. I only met Vadym, but he was very welcoming and hospitable. I would definitely stay here again.1502 Fantastic house and a fantastic host. Felt welcome from the first minute I met Vadym. The house surpassed my expectations. Vadym and his partners place are a credit to the Air B&B community.1503 Vadym is a wonderful host, he will always be ready to give you the perfect addresses for visiting or eating or finding out. Don't be afraid to go alone because Vadym is probably the nicest person in Dublin, you can only become friends with him. His apartment is nickel, he's close to everything and he has all the modernity and comfort that we need. It was a perfect stay!1504 Vadym host very relational, friendly, listening, José Contact very responsive in message and friendly.Their apartment is described as the photos.Quiet location easy access by information from José and Vadym.Keeping touch by offering breakfast.Easy location access access bus 747 up to finish line and tram 2 stops.time a good 45 minutes.Housing on the GUINESS Factory and ACCES JERVIS 15 minutes for the Church ad for Fan U2.With joy to return home.1505 We stayed in Dublin for the first time between 8 and 10 November and it was a beautiful experience.First of all, reaching the Jose & Vadym house from the airport was very simple thanks to the indications provided by Vadym, and also from there move to the center with the tram, very fast.Excellent location of the accommodation.Vadym is very hospitable and kind, we found it at home to welcome us and gave us a lot of useful indications on places to eat well and how to move to reach the tourist places we wanted to see, it was really very helpful.Their house is wonderful, furnished with a lot of taste, bright, clean, with many plants.Our room was very warm and welcoming, with many blankets and cushions, and gave a balcony with chairs and a table, arranged with care.The bathroom is large and complete with everything.There was also everything you need for a good breakfast, we highly recommend it!Vadym is really a nice kind and nice person, in an Italian word we could use "cure" to describe his way of doing, his attention, (Website hidden by Airbnb) in English we would say that: Vadym Hosted Us with Really Great Care,With the Heart.We are really happy to have been their guests.1506 Excellent more than "superhost."Vadym's attention and communication was perfect, always predisposed to help, advise and always be aware.<br/> As for the apartment it is very beautiful, decorated with great style and then you, you have your room with a balcony and private bathroom.The area is very nice and safe.To give you an idea, I can add that I always walk everywhere, you get very easy. <br/> to return to Dublin would not hesitate to meet the boys again.!A hug!1507 Jose&Vadym's place was just what we needed for our stay in Dublin. Safe, central and clean. Would recommend for anyone looking for a place to lay their head in-between sight seeing.1508 I booked this place because of the wonderful reviews and I was not led astray! Jose and Vadym's place is the perfect location for the value. My boyfriend and I walked to the Guinness storehouse, Stephen's Green, Grafton Street and Temple Bar from the Bnb. The place itself was so nice, comfortable bed, our own guest bathroom and full access to the kitchen, coffee, tea, fruit, etc. Vadym was so kind and welcoming. Would definitely stay here again if I needed to go back to Dublin for a good price and a friendly face :)1509 I highly recommend Jose&Vadym’s apartment. It’s well located and really tidy and organised. Would definitely go back when I’m in Dublin again.1510 Perfect location on a tram connection.Nice host and reception.Nice space.Recommended1511 What an amazing place, only 5 minute tram ride to the city centre and the Guinness Storehouse only being 8minute walk away.<br/><br/>immaculate room with our own bathroom and shower. <br/><br/>the bed is incredibly comfortable which is always a massive plus! and made to feel very welcome.<br/><br/>thank you and overall would highly recommend1512 Beautiful quiet apartment easily reached on the tram line. I only met Vadym, who is a warm & welcoming host. My stay couldn’t have been better. I highly recommend.1513 The house is beautiful, the room is very very nice!The thing that stands most is the cleaning of the house and the kindness and availability of Vadym and Jose! <br/> The house is a stone's throw from the Luas stop, about twenty minutes walk from Temple Bar and Guinness Storehouse.<br/> Vadym was very kind to call the taxi for us for the return to the airport!Really superhost!:)1514 Perfect visit to Ireland!  Jose & Vadym were the perfect hosts. We didn’t get to spend much time with them....we were sightseeing most of the time. They were very helpful & friendly.  It is very close to transportation but we walked most of the time. It was a perfect safe place for a mother-daughter trip!! Thanks so much!!!1515 This is the perfect place to stay in Dublin, if you want to avoid noise and traffic center. Everything is perfect, nothing much to say really. Highly recommend!!!1516 Jose & Vadym were extremely hospitable hosts, staying up late to welcome me into their home on christmas day in the wee hours of the night - i knew right then that they would be attentive hosts. they provided great tips for getting around and finding whatever i needed, and their space was cozy and clean.<br/><br/>note that the location is a good 20-30 minute walk to the city centre, which i was pleased to make given how safe dublin is in general and how much i like to walk, but just FYI! it's a pleasant walk to be honest, don't let that deter you from these great hosts.1517 Jose & Vadym’s place was exactly as advertised. It is a shared space, but a private bedroom (with locking door) and all the essentials provided. A short LUAS tram ride, or a 25-minute walk, to the City Centre.<br/><br/>A note, my American GPS couldn’t specifically pinpoint the entrance to their apartment, so make sure you have clear instructions for that.1518 Vadym and Jose were great hosts they were very pleasant and welcoming their place was nice and clean and in a great location. I would definitely recommend!1519 Very pleasant stay with Vadym, which is very hospitable, apartment fully in line with the announcement.1520 Beutiful place and Lovely host. It was really easy to get to there by public transport and the place is spotless! thanks for making my time in Dublin even better! If I'm ever in town again I'll definitely book here.1521 Perfect stay good arranging host communication I highly recommend this accommodation1522 Great place, very nice location close to Luas train line. Great tips from owner of places and things to do while in Dublin. Will definitely use this location again for future trips to Dublin.1523 My girlfriend and I stayed for 3 nights in the house of Vadym and Jose.Perfect welcome!Our flight tied a lot and, between one thing and another, we arrived at 11 pm at home and Vadym welcomed us with kindness and availability!The room is super clean and the apartment is very welcoming.Linda is a gorgeous kitten :) Location slightly far from the center but with 20 minutes of walking (pleasant) you reach everything!Very quiet area and with an excellent bar under the house where to have breakfast.If I had to return to Dublin, I would undoubtedly stay from them!Thank you :)1524 It is a little away from center 30 to 40 min walking which for us it was a bit risky to return to walk once we got lost and to go out towards its department at 10 pm we arrived at 12 hrs because we left the internet apart;Then we moved in Luas and we had no problem1525 The place was very well located by public transportation or even by feet . As addition the place was very cosy and spotless . It is important to mention that Vadym was super welcoming and friendly host.  We loved staying at your place and most definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking for a convenient stay in Dublin.1526 I enjoyed my stay tremendously. Metro is a block away, but I preferred to walk into town. Nothing much in neighborhood, but less than a mile to first pub or restaurants. Apartment was spacious, clean and comfortable. Vadym made me feel welcome and I will return again I hope.1527 A really nice apartment in a great location. I would recommend staying there.1528 Everything was perfect!1529 Jose and Vadym's place is a nice and clean place to stay! The great thing about their place it's that only a 20-minute tram ride into the center of town and it's close to a lot of great places in Dublin!1530 Friendly welcome, well placed in Dublin, near Guinness Museum for amateurs and close to the city center.1531 We had such a wonderful stay! Easy to get into the city center and Vadym was very welcoming and helpful!1532 Vladym is a very attractive character, both discreet and altruistic and open.A really top stay.I, who am the refractory type of guest rooms and rooms with the locals I had no problem at Vladym.Our bathroom allowed us to have our privacy and the kindness of Vladym allowed us to feel comfortable.Thank you for everything.1533 clean, safe, comfortable, stylish, calm, modern, quiet apartment, very close to the fatima tram stop.<br/>highly recommended!<br/>i loved my two nights there and slept very well.1534 Great place! Immaculate and cozy.. nice fresh open space. Vadym was very helpful with specific usage of space which made things very easy.  The shower was roomy and perfect. We slept well and enjoyed being very close to everything:) we highly recommend anyone to stay here! <br/>Hang dai Chinese food and Legit coffee are a must.1535 I can absolutely recommend the accommodation!Vadym was super friendly and the apartment was so clean that you could have eaten from the ground.Communication was relaxed and went smoothly.The apartment is very central and in a quiet area.<br/> Top!1536 Teresa and Hugh were so accommodating! They're lovely home was always clean, and they looked after us very well! Definitely would like to come back again1537 We highly recommend Teresa's house. She is such a amazing host and her home is perfect. Everything was clean and she had basic food for breakfast (i.e. bread, peanut butter, cornflakes, milk, orange juice). Also she waited when we arrived and gave us useful advices. She is more than willing to make your stay as comfortable and convenient as possible. If you're on your way to Dublin I' recommend staying at Teresa's home.1538 Great place to stay, lovely 🏡 home1539 Very warm welcome, Teresa puts us at ease right away. <br/> very clean, careful decoration, breakfast included. <br/> a downside for the floor that cracks in the corridor of the 3 guest rooms.<br/> 10-12 min walk from Luas and 170 meters from the bus stop. <br/> I recommend!1540 We were very satisfied with our accommodation at Teresa.We received great tips on the same evening of our arrival.And even before arrival you get tips on how to get to Teresa from the airport best and what kind of ticket options, etc. There are.In total we were in Dublin for three days.From Teresa's house you can reach the city center with the tram in 15 minutes and the Wicklowmountains are also very easy to reach.<br/> <br/> Short and scarce, we were satisfied around.1541 Teresa was a lovely host and i would very much like to visit again!1542 Cosy, comfortable clean space. We had a lovely time, really appreciated local tips for restaurants and day trips (visiting Howth was great!).1543 Everything was great.Both Teresa and her husband helped us and gave us recommendations.Breakfast included many things, the room was impeccable and the deal was very close.The neighborhood is about 15/20 min from Dublin, but there is bus and tram with good schedule, in addition to the town has a lot of charm.<br/> I highly recommend it.1544 Teresa is a lovely host, she made sure we had everything we needed for our stay. She also accommodated for our late check-in time which was very much appreciated.<br/><br/>On top of all that she also gave us good tips on places to visit whilst in Dublin which were enjoyable.1545 Not far from the center, bus transportation is nearby, supermarket and pharmacy are at 10min walking distance. A really welcoming house, the hosts are friendly and make sure the guests have everything they need :)1546 Expect the unexpected, and enjoy a perfect Irish experience.1547 It was an absolute pleasure to meet and stay with Teresa and Hugh.  Thoughtful touches such as detailed transport options to their home from the airport, sightseeing recommendations, and bottled water in our room were most appreciated.  The complimentary continental style breakfast was an additional bonus.  A true home away from home experience! Thank you Teresa and Hugh.1548 Teresa and her husband were absolutely lovely hosts. Providing breakfast, a warm and clean room and all the necessary amenities. The house is quiet and situated close to the Luas so is perfect for getting around Dublin! Would highly recommend.1549 We enjoyed our stay, the room was comfortable and Teresa was very kind and accommodating. There was a good selection for breakfast and public transport was easily accessible from the house. :)1550 If you are looking for a good place to sleep, this is perfect.There is a bedroom, shared bathroom and kitchen.The breakfast is good, nothing special.Everything is neat and cared for.The landlord is also very friendly and provides information.It takes half an hour to get to the center.This is a great place to sleep for a few days in Dublin.1551 I had a wonderful time at Teresa's house, which is nice and comfy. I felt like at home and they were both very nice. <br/>The neighbourhood is lovely, quiet and you can be rapidly in the city center with the bus or tram. <br/><br/>Thank you both for a wonderful stay!1552 Teresa and her husband were very kind and welcoming. Her husband met me upon my entry and went over everything with me. He gave me a few maps and tips on things to do. The tram and bus stop to get into the city Centre of Dublin are within walking distance. Teresa’s place was a great place to stay near Dublin!1553 Great location, lovely hosts.1554 Teresa (host) helped to sort out another AirBnB for our stay in Dublin due to unforeseen circumstances. Despite the alternative stay costing more, Teresa gladly paid the difference for us and helped in the process.1555 Lovely house near Dublin Center. <br/>Once again thank you for receiving us so late (our plane landed 11.30pm).<br/>We really enjoyed staying at Teresa's e Hugh's place. They are a really nice and helpful couple.1556 My stay in this lovely AirBnB was as good as it gets the landlords are lovely and help you through anything the place is perfect if you are looking for something local yet a bit of a city experience!1557 The stay has been wonderful. The house is very cozy. Everything is very clean and tidy. In the morning having a delicious breakfast looking at the garden is a delightful experience.1558 Our stay at The Holly Cottage was a perfect, relaxing space that was only a 20 minute trip into Dublin. A wonderfully reliable host with great communication and recommendations, who was perfectly hospitable & our stay included breakfast! Loved the room, reliability, cleanliness, and felt greatly suited to the cosy charm of Ireland.1559 Teresa and her husband are the most kind hosts that I ever met! Their place it’s so comfortable, that make the my trip experience even better! I highly recommend them!1560 Teresa and her husband are really kind and friendly. Beautiful and comfortable house only 10 min walking from the LUAS.1561 Great hospitality, very clean, lovely people!<br/>Great Vacation.<br/>Thank you!:)1562 Very cute accommodating couple, very nice area. Nice pub just at the end of the road. House was super cute and very comfortable bed.1563 Very friendly hosts, great cottage with good connections to the city. Always quick responses.1564 very friendly.  clean room, good breakfast choices1565 Teresa and her husband are so amazing! It was wonderful staying with them and hearing all of their recommendations. We would’ve never went to Howth if Teresa hadn’t told us about it and it ended up being one of our favorite places! Definitely recommend staying here! Nice and clean, easy to get to the city. Very close to the bus stop.1566 Very nice and warm welcome. <br/><br/>Scheduling of the bathroom was difficult with overall 5 people in the house.1567 Lovely place with lovely hosts1568 My friend and I had a great stay with Teresa. She is super cool to chat with and the house itself is comfortable and has everything you’d need. It’s also super close to the 14 bus which takes you into the city or wherever you’d want to go in the area. We had a great stay and I highly recommend staying here to get the most out of your Ireland trip.<br/>Ps. Churchtown Stores bar down the road makes some great whiskey sours /cocktails and there are some good coffee shops/restaurants around that aren’t busy like the city.1569 Teresa and her husband welcomed us wonderfully.We recommend without hesitation 👍1570 They can expect a wonderful welcome,1571 Lovely stay, great location.1572 Good location and good room1573 It was lovely staying at Teresa’s. She was incredibly helpful and pleasant to chat with.1574 We had three wonderful days in Dublin at Teresa, the museums and also the wonderful suburb Horth watched ourselves on the coast.1575 Teresa and Hugh are a lovely warm couple who were only too happy to assist with my questions re: holiday in Dublin. <br/>The breakfast was very generous and the bus to city very convenient.<br/>Recommend Holly Cottage to any guests traveling to Dublin.1576 I think it's okay1577 We felt so comfortable in the beautiful cottage.<br/>Teresa is such a lovely and open person who makes you feel at ease right from the start. <br/>You have privacy, feel well taken care of and the interior of the house is beautiful and unique. <br/>We stayed there for 3 nights and can really recommend the accommodation! <br/>Teresa gives good tips on where to go and how best to get somewhere. <br/>The journey into town takes 15-20 minutes by bus, the bus stop is practically right outside the door. We actually really enjoyed the bus ride, the buses are two-storey and you have a great view. Since Churchtown and the way into the city are very beautiful to look at, the ride itself is a little experience. <br/>We were really delighted and would recommend anyone to stay with Teresa.1578 We really enjoyed our time at Teresa’s house. We had everything we needed, the house was just 25 minutes away from the city in a beautiful neighbourhood. Even though the other rooms were also occupied, the house was quiet and comfortable. Teresa and her husband are very lovely people who made us feel at home.1579 Teresa and her husband are charming hosts.We had a warm welcome.They took the time to answer our questions and advise us on visits.There is everything you need for breakfast.The room and the equipment were perfect.1580 Teresa is a golden hostess.She told us by message several days before our arrival several ways to go to her house from the airport and recommended a lot of places to visit during our stay.Once arrived, her husband made us very welcome.In the room there is a dublin plan, brochures and a neighborhood plan to find out how to take the bus or the tram.Everything has been shown and explained to us.Note that it takes about half an hour to go to the city center and that bus 14 remains the best solution.Teresa made sure several times that we spent a good stay and it was very pleasant to chat with her.We will gladly come back !1581 A beautiful gateway to Dublin and Ireland undoubtedly that we highly recommend you except the next 365 days since we have already reserved them :-) (Just a Joke).1582 If you want to discover Dublin while staying in a quiet area, Teresa's lovely place is made for you! It is only 30mn from Dublin center by tram and Teresa will give you some advice to have an agreable stay.1583 We stayed for 4 nights at Teresa & Hugh's Holly cottage.<br/>Teresa & Hugh are a lovely couple. Hugh welcomed us when we arrived, showed us around. Teresa knows all the good stuff, how to best get to certain sights by public transport. <br/>The double room is cosy, the bed comfortable. The bathroom very clean and tidy. The no 14 bus is close by, about 30 min to get to the city centre. Breakfast is more than enough choice, Irish bread, toast bread and preservatives to choose from. <br/>We went to Dublin for the Garth Brooks concert and stayed at Holly cottage for a few days. Both Teresa & Hugh were very friendly and always ready for a chat. <br/>Absolutely worthwhile staying there!1584 Margaret is very helpful and attentive! She and her husband are very nice and always available!! They are generous and very nice host!1585 Margaret and Gordon were fabulous hosts. Really looked after me while I was there. Always willing to help at every opportunity. <br/>1586 A very nice stay with Margaret and her husband. Only to short. Highly recommendable!1587 Our stay in the Georgian Studio met all our requirement and dreams. Karin was very welcoming and she took the time to show us on her map what spots were her favourites and what monuments were not to be missed. Very instructive!<br/>The studio is well decorated, super functional, and well located. We didn't even took the bus to travel in Dublin (only to come and go from the airport). <br/>I would definitely recommend staying at Karin's place!1588 Our stay was great, the apartment was lovely and very nicely equipped.<br/>Karin was a great host and some questions were answered immediately.<br/>The apartment left nothing to be desired and if I happen to visit Dublin again I'd stay there again with no doubt.1589 We had a great time in this lovely studio.<br/>Convenient location, friendly and informative host and delicious provisions helped make it a wonderful short break.1590 I contacted Karin about renting the Very Special Oval Georgian Studio for my daughter and her boyfriend.  She got the trip to Dublin as an 18th birthday present.  Karin got back to me right away and the 5 days were booked!  The couple had a wonderful time.  The studio was so nice they wanted to spend more time there!  They saved money eating breakfast and lunches in the flat.  The flat is very central, about a 10 - 15 min. walk to Temple Bar and easy to get to from the airport by bus.  Karin couldn't be there for their arrival but kindly arranged for someone to meet them.  This was our first time using Air BnB and the whole experience couldn't have been better.  Much nicer and more personal than using a hotel and cheaper as well.  Thank you so much, Karin!  We'll definitely contact you the next time we are in Dublin and will recommend you to friends!1591 It was really nice to stay at Margaret`s house, and they were very helpful hosts. Quiet area and a good bed, so I had a good sleep. Access to the bus to the airport as well as to the city is near. Good trip!1592 The host was really welcoming, they kept asking if everything was alright. All in all, I am pretty pleased with my stay. I had a great time, all the family were really friendly and hepful. They let us do more or less what we wanted but never losing respect for us.<br/>I fell good, there was no noise in the room. The first day, unforgettable!!  It was a lovely day because her husband, open-minded people and a fabulous greeter, showed me the Dublin city centre by car. <br/>Same thing with the last day, he accompanied me to the airport.<br/>With that, I will close the post that living with an Irish host offers friendship and the unique daily experience of improving English.<br/>Thank you for all and i recommend this house.1593 I had 4 lovely days in Margaret's and Gorden's house. They were very helpful host. The area is very quite and nice. The bus to the airport as well as to the city is near. That is very comfortable. I will gladly come back!1594 I liked my stay. Margaret was very nice (she came by car to pick me up at the bus station, offered me breakfast, etc.). The room is small but the house lovely. 20 minutes by bus from city centre and also from the airport.<br/>1595 Margaret was a good host . I felt like home. I had nice conversations sharing a the.The bus to the airport as well as to the city is near.comunicated by bus. I recomend the place ,The room was pretty cozy and comfortable to stay with wifi connection. I liked the breakfast and dining area too.  <br/>Thank you Margaret and Gordon! See you soon.1596 I had a great time while staying with Margret and Gordon. Both were gracious host. They made it easy on me for navigating the city and were kind to give me a ride to the bus station. I look forward to our next visit!1597 Our stay at Karin's was delightful.  She is very knowledgeable about Dublin and the best places to visit.  The room is comfortable and cozy and everything was clean.  The beds were comfortable, even the hide away bed! We didn't make use of the fireplace, but would have if it had been a bit cooler.  Karin treated us to soda bread and some breakfast items when we arrived.  The historic house is exquisite- it feels like you've stepped back in time.  We didn't cook very much, but a cup of tea, some biscuits and an Irish movie from Karin's collection was a great way to end a long day of touristing and shopping.  The surrounding area was a bit dodgy at night, but it was refreshing to see a real neighbourhood and its people and not a tourist trap.  I would definitely go back.1598 Karin was remarkably kind and accommodating for our ever changing schedule. The apartment is beautiful, and I will we could have made even better use of it!1599 The apartment is very comfortable and clean. We enjoyed every evening by the fireplace. Excellent location, right in the center of town. Karin is a very good host, always ready to help. <br/><br/>I recommend to everyone. <br/><br/>Livia1600 We had a great time in Dublin and a big part of that thanks to the thoughtful and detailed suggestions of Karin!  She even provided us maps, personal recommendations and a list of very useful information regarding the city.  <br/>The flat is great, the kitchen is very well equipped and we definitely felt at home (if our home were fancy!).  <br/>The location is not in the middle of the action, but it is within walking distance from everything we wanted (and had time) to visit.  <br/>The only setback we had was the fact that wifi went down during the whole period of our stay.  Even so, Karin was nice enough to offer us her personal iPad with a 3g connection so we could check emails and sort issues related to the ongoing trip.<br/>We would definitely stay there again.1601 Karin was a wonderful host, and the apartment was amazing. Having had to start our vacation a day later due to difficulties with our airline connections, Karin gave us some great advice that helped us re-prioritize our tourism agenda for the shorter stay. There were some great snacks left for us, as promised in the listing.<br/><br/>It was lovely to stay in what seemed like an actual neighborhood where people lived, and yet to be more or less walking distance to city center (we chose to take the 20 minute walk, though buses were available).<br/><br/>This was a great way to visit Dublin. Thanks, Karin!1602 Wonderful accommodation, I would definately recommend this to everyone, especially if you're interested in historical buildings. Karin is very friendly & helpful and has much to tell about Dublin. It was also very nice that there was some breakfast already there for us to see us through the first morning.1603 Karin is a fantastic host and the Georgian studio we stayed in was lovely. Karin is thoroughly knowledgeable about Dublin and it's environs and provided many great tips for exploring the city. The kitchen is fully outfitted and was stocked with bread, eggs, cheese and other breakfast items.1604 Karin is the perfect host and the apartment is amazing. Karin gave us some very useful tips about places to visit and restaurants not to miss and we were very happy to follow her cultural and food recommendations ! The apartment is very clean, very well equipped, and comfortable. It is in a quiet environment out of the crowd but in a short walking distance from the heart of the city. When we arrived there was some eggs, yogurt and orange juice as a starter kit: very nice and useful ! Thank you Karin ! I definitely recommend Karin and her place to stay in Dublin.1605 Karin was an excellent host.  Our stay in Dublin was wonderful.  The location of the flat was very convenient and the accomodations were just as expected.  The flat was very clean and bright.  Karin made sure we had everything we needed and we really appreciated her helping us out with laundry.  Best Airbnb we have used so far!1606 We had a wonderful 3 day stay with Karin. Beautiful charming and comfortable accommodations. Karin also provided the perfect recommendations for what to see and not see in Dublin and beyond. Highly recommend!!1607 The apartment and area were exactly as the poster described. Everything is within walking distance. Karen was such a gracious host. She showed us around the flat and gave us a good list of stores and things to do around Dublin. She was a real help and a very kind host. I would definetly recommend this flat to others!1608 Nice place to stay; it truly is within walking distance to downtown Dublin where one can experience night life at Temple Bar, catch the Hop On Hop Off bus or the other tour buses offered for touring Dublin.  We used a taxi once, late in the evening, but other than that we walked.  Very close to Dublin Airport and it was quite easy to get a taxi right out the front door the morning we left. <br/>The quarters are small, but you are only using it to sleep in and maybe fix a light breakfast and snack.  The kitchen is very functional with all the dishes one needs.  We were a group of three adults, my husband, myself and our adult daughter; it was almost too cozy so I wouldn't recommend more than two.  Linens were all clean, however, it would have been nice to have a change of clean towels at least once.  <br/>We showed up a half hour earlier than we originally which we could sense kind of frazzled the host so maybe show up as scheduled!  Upon arrival our host provided eggs, orange juice, milk, yogurt and some condiments to get you on your way the first day.  There are grocery stores near by or just dine out.  <br/>Over all this is a nice place to stay and I would recommend it to anyone wanting to experience Dublin.1609 The Oval Georgian Studio was perfect for our short stay in Dublin. Karin gave us detailed instructions on how to take the bus from the airport and had all kinds of Dublin information at the studio. We appreciated she left a few things in the fridge for our breakfast. We walked everywhere from the studio and were delighted to find the James Joyce Center just three blocks away where we saw a stunning exhibition of post-war photos by Lee Miller of James Joyce's Dublin.1610 We had a great 3 nights at Karin's. It was lovely and beautiful and comfortable. We were a short walk from the main drag and could walk easily to temple bar, trinity college etc - we even had a lovely jog to and in Phoenix park and back. The apartment itself had all you would need. It was clean and we'll furnished, had big windows,  a nice kitchen, a cool fire place, lots of dvds, a loft bed. Karin and her neice were great hosts. Overall a great stay!1611 Our stay in Dublin in Karin's Georgian studio was wonderful. Karin is a gracious, welcoming, and informative host. The location of the studio is in a quite neighborhood close to the heart of the city but not in the most crowded and noisy  parts of Dublin. The apartment is lovely. The kitchen is modern and well equipped if you like to cook you will find Karin's place perfect. My husband and I would definately stay with Karin again.<br/>Margee Bright Ragland1612 This was our first trip to Ireland, what a beautiful country.  Dublin was great with wonderful history, shops and restaurants. The people were fantastic and so friendly. Dublin is a fairly easy city to get around in. Our host Karin was more like a friend than someone we just met. She loves Dublin and is very knowledgable about her city. The apartment was wonderful. It is so nice when you are traveling to have a place that is cozy and inviting at the end of a long sightseeing day. Karin was always helpful with anything that we needed. I would recommend her apartment very highly and would definitely recommend her to anyone I know visiting the Dublin area.1613 Very nice host, beautiful and cozy apartment with fireplace, well-equipped kitchen, stero system and DVD selection!1614 My boyfriend and I stayed here on our recent trip to Dublin and it was a great apartment for us.  Great location, easy to get to from the airport, many restaurants/bars in the area, close to the tram, and many sights are walkable.  Karin was great and provided us with lots of local information about sights, food and drink.  The place was tidy, neat, and clean.  We were provided with a bowl of fruit and some staples in the fridge.1615 This is a beautiful apartment with a very flexible, informative, and accommodating host.  Located about a 20 minute walk from temple bar and 10 minutes to the museum and post office.  The late 1700s architecture and uniqueness of the living space was the perfect way to cap off our Irish Adventure.  Apartment was clean, secure, and well organized. Karin also supplied plenty of maps, tourist information, and recommendations on where to eat/what to see that proved very helpful.1616 We loved this place! Karin was so welcoming and so helpful about places to go in Dublin. Her advice about places to visit and eat were invaluable and only added to our great time in Dublin.<br/>The apartment is full of character and it was a real treat to stay in such a historic gem. As an architect I really appreciate staying in such a magnificent georgian building, but can see no reason why an person wouldn't love this place!1617 We spent 12 days in Karin's apartment and we  enjoyed a lot staying there. We enjoyed it for the good location and also for the beautiful way it is furnished and equipped. Moreover  being in Georgian building adds something to your Dublin experience.   Not to mention the kindness of Karin who is always ready to give information and suggestions, to answer your questions and doing so she contributes to make your sojourn in Dublin a very pleasant and interesting experience. <br/><br/><br/>1618 Very nice and comfortable accommodation!1619 Cosy, quiet, clean, conveniently located, reasonably priced, attuned host; what more could you want? Great decor, guys.1620 Super clean room with balcony, great bed and really nice to have our own bathroom and access to kitchen. Would recommend :)1621 Apartment and host just perfect.Go with your eyes closed.Ideal to enjoy Dublin.1622 This is an excellent shared space. Hosts are very helpful. Great location near Dublin city tram (luas) and Guiness Brewery. Cleanliness at high standards.1623 Very quiet place, slightly out of hand on foot but very well served with the vehicles. <br/> welcoming and very clean house with the hosts really discreet and kind1624 As a Single, Senior, Female traveler, I am very particular where I stay and with whom. I can honestly say that staying with Vadym and Jose has been this time, as well as the last 5 times been part of the best experiences I have had in Ireland. The location is great for getting around the city and connecting with places outside the city using public transportation. The apartment is lovely, comfortable, very clean and welcoming. They work hard to make sure their guests have everything they need. I would recommend them to any of my family or friends.1625 Very clean apartment with a private bathroom, in a very quiet Dublin district near the tram.Host of a very appreciable kindness and availability. <br/> We recommend this address for a successful stay in Dublin.1626 Thank you for a great trip to Dublin!1627 Warm hospitality, kindness and respect to  guests.<br/>Nice flat, a private bathroom and free access to all equipments.1628 Very clean apartment, very friendly host, modern and tastefully decorated. Only a few meters to the luas station. Very quiet location, as room with balcony aligned to the courtyard. Gladly again.1629 The place was clean, very comfortable (slept like a baby) and well connected to the city. Had no trouble getting around or to the airport. Vadym was very very friendly and helpful (Jose was in Spain during my stay). It had everything I needed and made me feel right at home. For this price a true jewel.1630 Very very nice home, owner is more than friendly and everything is clean and tidy. Perfect1631 Exactly like in the photo.Everything well arranged1632 We highly recommend Jose $ Vadym’s Air BnB. They provide a very clean, safe and convenient to all touristic destinations.1633 The accommodation at Jose & Vadym was perfect for an entertaining trip to Dublin.We were on site for a total of 3 days and everything fit very well.The check in worked smoothly and when we arrived at the top of the apartment, further agreements with Vadym very friendly.<br/> You sleep in an extra room and have the spacious bathroom at your disposal. <br/> Thank you very much Vadym!1634 Fabulous hosts in a lovely, well kept apartment. Really close to a tram stop.<br/>We would highly recommend this AirBnB.1635 We had 3 nights staying in Jose and Vadym’s apartment meeting both of them while we were there. The place is exactly as the photos show and while a little away from main city centre it is so easy with luas only a minute away and the leap visitor card was good value (we purchased the 72hr for €19.50).  It was an easy 10 min walk to Guinness Storehouse and the arch cafe is just across from apartment for a good value for money breakfast (€3.50 huge bowl of porridge). The apartment was very quiet so we slept well and very informative information on their profile for public transportation etc which was all accurate.1636 Jose and Vadym were very welcoming and accommodating. The apartment is very updated and is as clean as a hotel room. The place is very close to public transportation and is located in a safe neighborhood. Would definitely stay again!1637 Nice host, and lovely apartment.1638 Wonderful hosts, fantastic location and a great place to stay. I would definitely recommend to others.1639 Great location, right next to the tram stop and guiness factory for stop at hop on hop off bus. Great communication from Vadym throughout and very welcoming as well. Place was spotless and the balcony was a fab little extra.1640 We had really awesome time and felt welcome for the whole stay. Vadym and Jose are the kindest hosts and their cat Linda is a beautiful lady! Clean, cozy, comfortable, great location (super easy to get to the centre) - perfect place to stay in Dublin :)1641 We could not expect a better welcome from our host, Vadym, who not only spoke great English, he also spoke out mother tongue! He gave us excellent recommendations for meals and places to visit and the house was sparkling clean! He was a true sweetheart and we're definitely staying with him when we come back to Dublin!1642 We had a great stay in this accommodation.Vadym is a great host and leaves his guests totally comfortable.The facilities are very good and the cozy room with a very pleasant small balcony.There is a stop of the electric very close to the house and a coffee in front where you can have a bo1643 We had a great stay in Dublin here! We only met Vadym but he was very helpful in making sure we found the place and giving us everything we needed. Easy access to the Luas right outside the apartment. Highly recommend!1644 A lovely space, very clean and tidy.  A short walk from the city centre and right next to a tram stop. Really generous hosts who offer good recommendations and information about the area and sights of Dublin. Great communication and really helpful.  It was a really super stay.1645 Vadym was an extremely courteous, kind and helpful host, ready to meet all our requests.The apartment is very clean and tidy and the kitchen has all the small appliances needed to prepare a good breakfast.The city center can be reached with great ease and the information that appears on the site, combined with those provided directly by Vadym, make everything decidedly simple and fast.Vadym welcomed us with youth and being able to have a chat with him was really pleasant, he made our stay in Dublin even more pleasant.Thanks Vadym!1646 Very good very clean anfry1647 Vadym and Jose's home was lovely, and so was Vadym. <br/>I really enjoyed my stay there (check out the art, it was stunning) and I hope to visit again. I appreciated all the little touches (usb charger) and how comfortable everything was.<br/><br/>Note: I had to take a taxi because the LUAS didn't operate in the early morning of Saturday, so check your travel times before you book. Taxi fare ran me about 30 euros for a 5:45am pick up. <br/>Otherwise, it should be an easy trip via the 747 airport bus and then the place itself is very close to the LUAS station. <br/>Note the check-in time is stated as 5pm, so bear that in mind!1648 Vadym is a wonderful host. Very considerate and so welcoming. The apartment is spotlessly clean, private and very stylish. The kitchen had all you could want and the bathroom is for your sole use. Close to public transport and some of Dublin’s best sites.1649 Jose and Vadym’s place exceeded all of our expectations. It was a 2 minute walk to the LUAS station (Fatima) and that helped us a great deal, as my husband is currently on the mend from a broken leg. The room and apartment was sparkling clean and very stylish, yet very warm and inviting. We felt right at home and even enjoyed coffee on our private balcony. I would highly recommend staying with Jose and Vadym during your stay in Dublin. We enjoyed it so, so much!!1650 We had a very good stay with Vadym.Very clean accommodation.1651 The apartment is well connected to public transport. In addition the apartment ist very clean. <br/>The two guys are great hosts and give great tips for our stay in Dublin. Thanks a lot :)1652 Highly recommended once you get your bearings. It’s a close walk to the Guinness Brewery.1653 Very nice and stylish apartment. The directions were perfect, Vadym met us and gave us some good tips for the city. The apartment is immaculately clean and the neighborhood is quiet! It is about a 20-35 minute walk into town center, but take the tram, it is worth it, so convenient.<br/><br/>Another tip, while Dublin is lovely, we particularly loved getting out a bit. Malahide Castle and the town near it are a quick and affordable Dart ride out of town (so is Howth), and you get to see and smell the sea before tucking into a cozy pub.1654 Great room with a clean, large bathroom!Vadym is a great host and you immediately feel welcome.Little things such as umbrellas and socket adapters were also considered.The location of the apartment is right at the Luas station and you are in the center in a few minutes.We would love to come back!1655 Very friendly and welcoming host :-)1656 We had a lovely stay and Vadym was very welcoming. Good communication for arrival and the location of the apartment is very easy to get to. Thanks for making things easier and letting us leave our luggage later than normal.1657 Perfect, very nice welcome and good location.1658 Margaret is a great anfitrion, the room is same the picture, clean and perfect to stay a few days for visit Dublin, The breakfast is varied and Margaret is very attent with all guest and always have a nice words with the tourists, Margaret now is me new friend1659 nice room1660 Thank you! It was a nice Trip. <br/>Vadym was very nice and we felt comfortable. Everthing went well.1661 Great place for my fiancé and I to stay while in Ireland for a week! The place was so clean and tidy, super close to the tram line, and the host was so welcoming and gave us some great city tips. This is a perfect place to sleep if you’re wanting to stay in a quieter area instead of downtown.1662 A lovely warm and homely place to stay with style and immaculately presented throughout. Bed very comfortable. Vadym was very polite, friendly and hospitable. On my way to work he left fresh filter coffee for me in the kitchen, was much needed. This little thoughtful touch made such a difference to my stay. Highly recommend this place!1663 Lovely host. The apartment was just as advertised and a good location.1664 We had a great stay at Jose and Vadym’s Airbnb! The apartment is very clean and modern and is in a good location close to the Guinness storehouse as well as other bars, restaurants, grocery stores, etc. definitely recommend!1665 It was just like the pictures and really clean. They provided everything I needed and more, and it was a generally pleasant experience, the host were so nice and welcoming !!1666 Great place to stay!1667 Karin is the greatest host - so much information and suggestions, lovely apartment, well stocked kitchen.  We just followed the map for Dublin she have us with all her favorite locations highlighted and that was our trip - done, perfect.  The pictures are just what you'll find when you arrive, the location very convenient to the Airlink bus from the airport and within walking distance of most everything.  We'll be back.1668 Karin was a fabulous host. This little apartment was perfect for my friend and I as we spent a few days in Dublin. Karin greeted us warmly on arrival and took us through a thorough run through of the town - where to eat, where to shop and where to visit. It's about a 10 min walk from everything you need and we walked our way around the whole town. Karin was extremely helpful when we left and wanted advice on driving up to Belfast! I would definitely recommend staying here when coming to Dublin!1669 We had a very nice stay in Karin's beautiful studio.Everything can be seen as described and in the pictures.Everything that you need was available in the apartment, you felt at home.On our arrival, Karin took a lot of time to explain everything and show us on the city map, which might be interested.So we were well prepared to explore Dublin.In the morning I particularly liked to sit at the table in front of the large window and watch what's going on on Dublin's Standen.We'll be back!Thank you, Karin!1670 Karin was a great host, very welcoming and provided us with more than enough info about Dublin where to eat and shop etc. The room is accurately described and has the perfect amount of amenities. the studio is within walking distance the main hub of dublin and easy enough for the airport and local taxis. The neighbourhood is great but was a little noisy over the weekend period. A fantatic place to stay for the end of our holiday. Karin also left a small amount of groceries in the fridge which was very helpful.1671 Karin's Georgian flat is one of the most beautiful places we've ever stayed! It's incredibly cozy and is exactly as it appears in the pictures. It's just a 20-minute taxi ride from the airport and an easy 20-minute walk from most of the major sights in Dublin. Karin is brimming with knowledge and passion about Dublin and gave us a very insightful overview of the city's history, restaurants, and attractions. We'd recommend this place to anyone!1672 Karin was an absolutely fantastic host, just like all the other reviews had said!! She was there to greet us when we arrived and gave us a quick overview of the city, including places we should definitely see, and recommendations of places to eat and grab a drink.  All of her recommendations were spot on and places we may not have stopped at, but certainly glad we did!!! Karin's building and apartment were beautiful and clean, and you can tell that she takes great pride in her city and her space. I would definitely recommend Karin as a host!!! You don't get much better than her :)1673 Lovely apartment and beautiful building. Great location, tons of helpful tips from Karin to help you make the most of your visit to Dublin.1674 I was there for 1 months and it was really great thanks to Margaret and Gordon. They were very friendly and helpful. Moreover, you can use the kitchen and the washing machine as you wish with no extra fees. I strongly recommend these hosts.1675 Margaret and Gordon are a credit to Irish hospitality! One of the best host experiences I've had. Margaret is quite used to having travelers over, and hosting students. Location is a bit of a distance out but not a problem at all if the buses are running as there's a stop just round the corner. Supermarket just 2 minutes away.1676 Margaret is a talkative and warm woman who is obviously accustomed to having people stay at her house. She went above and beyond, in my opinion, as far as feeding me, and was generous to do my laundry the first day. Overall, the room is a great value, and is as advertised: very small (fine by me) with a comfortable bed. <br/><br/>Location-wise, I found it took me about 25-30 mins to get to the city center if I timed it correctly with bus schedules, although that could be much higher in rush hour.1677 I stayed at Margaret's house a week in August. Really enjoyed my time there, Margaret and Gordon are such a nice couple, positive, open-minded, sociable, always willing to help or give a good piece of advice, the house itself is nice, tidy, well decorated in Irish style) I wish them all the best, kind regards.<br/>Anna1678 Margaret and Gordon are two lovely people with a great house in a good part of Santry/Beaumont.  Plenty of busses available nearby (walking to city centre is a hike, about an hour, which is fine for nutters like me but normal folks should take the easy busses!)  Very accommodating, cozy room, comfy bed, nice people, what more could you be wanting?  Great experience, would definitely recommend.1679 The hosting couple were very welcoming, nice and accommodating. Though I could not stay there for long as I got to move closer to my University, I would really recommend others to use this place.  The room is bright and airy, suitable for a single person and has enough space for storing your luggage for short holidays as well.1680 The room is clean and organized . The neighborhood is very safe , there is public transport on the corner to most places of dublin . Margaret and Gordon are the best hosts you can have. They are very friendly , caring and<br/>they enjoy meeting new people. I had a very nice time at her house. I would certainly recommend this room to anyone . Thanks for everything, Margaret and Gordon!1681 Margaret and Gordon are very nice and caring hosts. They assisted me a lot with finding the right bus and getting around town. Both of them were always there to lend a helping hand and to have a nice chat. <br/>1682 Karin was very helpful with lots of information, a map and some advice. The location was handy to a rental car, which we needed later, but it was not that close to many things we wanted to see or do. We did expect to walk quite a lot but we ended up getting a cab now and then, which was fine. The main concern we had was that the steps to the loft are steep and we get up in the night. A nightlight would be helpful as the stairs are a bit precarious.1683 Everything is as described. Karin is a very friendly host, the apartment is very nice, close to public transportation, shops and O'Connell Street! 100% recommended!1684 The apartment is just as wonderful as the pictures suggest. We were completely blown away by the amount of effort Karen had put in to make this space as comfortable and as relaxing as possible. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend. Brimming with personality and charm. <br/><br/>Side note: do make sure you know exactly when you will be arriving as Karen has a very busy schedule and this can lead to a rather unpleasant welcome if you are late. Sorry again, Karen!1685 What a great place. Couldn't be easier from the airport. Bus to the door. Easy to walk to everywhere in dublin. The flat was lovely and Karin is a lovely host clearly passionate about the building and dublin. Everything you need to have a great stay.1686 If you're desiring, as was I, a classic and refined Dublin experience, then Karin's Oval Georgian will prove very special indeed. Unlike some rentals, the photos perfectly and realistically capture this lovely apartment. My three-night stay couldn't have proven more comfortable or welcoming: from Karin's fine introduction to the many key sites of this historically and culturally rich city, the well-supplied pantry (didn't need to go the store for morning staples),  and very comfortable bedding - all of it just the right amount and touch. I was glad to not be in the thick of the city and found I could be most anywhere in 15-20 minutes. Also, more taxis in Dublin than my own native NYC! This rental proves yet again why Airbnb is such a wonderful option and opportunity.1687 We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this Georgian studio.  As others have reported, the flat is in every way as beautiful as the photographs suggest.  The common areas are restful and strikingly appointed, competing with any high-end boutique hotel.   Karin is a very knowledgeable, helpful host.  Good kitchen, fine bedding and a fabulous fireplace. The location is excellent.  We will carry with us terrific memories of our time there. We recommend without qualification.1688 Beautiful flat. Very cozy and comfortable. Well equipped. We enjoyed out stay!1689 The Special Georgian Flat was a lovely place to stay during our visit to Dublin. The space is beautiful and the location is very walkable to the main parts of town like Temple Bar and O'Connell St. The neighborhood leaves something to be desired, but the local shop is run by very nice people and has all of the necessities.<br/><br/>We got off on the wrong foot with Karen as we arrived 30 minutes before we had previously agreed to meet to drop off our bags. She was not happy with us, but very accommodating as she made the apartment ready for us to take immediately. We were so grateful for that as we'd be traveling for 14 hours and our check in wasn't for another 6.<br/><br/>When we ran into her later she was very kind and informative. <br/><br/>We would love to recommend this place for anyone who is staying in Dublin.1690 Margaret and Gordon where amazing hosts. There house is warm and welcoming. As soon as you walk in the door it's like you are home. I had a single room and it was exactly as the pictures said, and had a tv which was a great bonus. They let me extend my stay and it was no trouble for them. As a solo female traveler there house was in a safe area and I had no trouble getting the bus into town. Thank you for the lovely stay!1691 I was warmly welcomed and the apartment corresponded to the pictures.It is very comfortably furnished and I felt at home.Karin is a great host.She tried very hard that I lack nothing.The historical beautifully preserved house is located near the city center and is easy to reach on foot in a few minutes or also has good bus connections.1692 Very well organised pick up of keys, via a neighbor, as Karin had explained she was out around the time we were arriving. House (and the Studio) is amazing and lovely ! It is just as the photos. Neighborhood is a mixture of great houses on the square and the nearby less attractive areas, as you walk into town (an easy 10 minutes). We were soon back in touch with our hostess, who arrived with a bowl of fresh fruit to add to the other goodies left for us in the studio. We even had a nice cup of tea and chat together the day we left, very hospitable ! Accommodation was very comfortable. Couldn't ask for more. Hoping to go back before too long !1693 We were both delighted with the accommodation.  Karin's description of the self contained apartment was completely accurate. The apartment had that unusual combination of being homely and elegant at the same time.  A comfortable place to stay. Her very detailed itinerary covered all we needed to know about our visit to Dublin. Whilst not wishing to criticize some other airbnb's , we preferred the absence of the host's personal belongings cluttering the place up; on the other hand there will be others who like it that way. <br/><br/>Karen gave us a warm welcome  when we arrived and popped in 2 or 3 times during our 4 day stay which was just the right balance for us. <br/><br/>We found the neighbourhood OK, the shopkeepers friendly and the location within easy walking distance of the City Centre.<br/><br/>A most enjoyable stay. Hope to come again.1694 Very nice and comfortable place, I can only suggest . I hope I will have chance to see more of this beautiful city1695 Margaret is very kind... gave me informations and helped me always when I asked for. The room is very comfortable. A really nice place to stay over. Hope to come back!1696 it was wonderful experience  to enjoy the warm hospitality of Margaret and Gordon , so willing to make you feel at home very fast . the house is nice , strategically located 20 minute from the center from Dublin, public transport works properly even during bank holiday time. Room is cosy and quiet  just perfect for releasing from the stress after hard work. I could enjoy the garden beside the season , I cannot imagine how beautiful has to be in summer chilling out with a glass of wine . But again the golden part of this house are them : 2 persons just so easy going and in love for life and people, surely a place to recommend to everyone and no question : looking forward to be back again .1697 I had an absolutely lovely time staying with Margaret! Her family took such great care of me. Her home is in a quiet neighborhood about halfway between the airport and downtown. Getting to either was super easy via bus. There's a supermarket across the street, so I was able to pick up whatever I needed without any trouble. I had a wonderful trip, and will certainly visit again when I'm coming back through Dublin.1698 Margaret and her husband were very welcoming and friendly. Nice clean house and good parking space.Ideal if you have your own car and want to have Dublin as your base.1699 The best air bnb that I ever was ! Margaret & Gordon took care of me the whole time, their such lovely and heartwarming persons !!! Great room, good area and a caring host family what else do you need ?! :)1700 Margaret and her husband Gordon are lovely people. Although the Shantalla Centra bus stop on the #16 airport bus is only a few minutes walk from Margaret's place, she took the time and picked me up in her car as I walked there. She also did my wash and invited me to Sunday dinner. The room is small, but bright with a big window, and has a comfortable bed. She includes a breakfast--cereal and toast, tea and coffee--too. I really enjoyed my two days there. I recommend it highly.1701 Margaret and her husband are great hosts. Very polite, clean and helpful. The room size is OK and the transport is nearby. Definitely recommending this one.1702 Dear Margaret, thank you for everything. You are so nice and friendly. <br/>Thanks to Gordon papa, too. He is really a nice guy! The room is comfortable and warm, just like live in my own house. thank you again, my Ireland mother and Ireland papa (Website hidden by Airbnb) JoAnne1703 Karin was a great host, the flat was superbly comfortable and in a great location for a leisurely stroll to the centre of the city. We will definitely be back to this flat when we come back to Dublin and will be telling all of our friends to do the same!! Thankyou Karin!<br/><br/>1704 Jose & Vadym's home was wonderful! It was very comfortable, centrally located, quiet, clean and pike "home away from home". They were great hosts and were always willing to help with ideas or suggestions. I would highly recommend their place to anyone.1705 Wonderful location, free parking and amazing hospitality! What more could we ask for? Thank you for your kindness and love. We do hope our paths cross again sometime in the future. 😊1706 we had a great time. Very close to a tram, therefore city centre was close1707 Vladym is a perfect host. The Airbnb was nice, clean and just 15 tramminutes from the centre. A perfect accomodation for a stay at Dublin.1708 Great Host! Very helpful with everything. Location was great for train transport and easy to get to from airport using directions provided. Quiet part of town.1709 Vadym was an excellent host, even accommodating our (extremely) delayed flight and very late check in! He waited up and gave us detailed directions for how to reach his place from the airport. The flat was in a really quiet neighborhood, but just a 2 minute walk to the tram and then a 10 minute ride to reach downtown. <br/>The bed was super comfy!<br/>Highly recommend Vadym’s place!1710 A spotlessly clean apartment.1711 Vadym was extremely helpful- we arrived in Dublin before check in and Vadym had communicated to say we could access earlier which was great! Communication for Vadym and Jose was exceptional- very quick and helpful!<br/>The apartment is lovely, great private bathroom and bedroom is a good size for what you need!<br/>The location to the tram is excellent- or a walk into town is nice as we did as you can take in a lot of main attractions on your way such as Dublinia, Guinness factory, etc. We felt really comfortable for the night we stayed. Definitely good value for money for a Dublin stay!1712 All ok!1713 I really enjoy staying at Jose&Vadym's place, the room is really clean and comfortable, we didn't had problems to arrive and it is very near the public transport (if you are afraid to walk alone in the night you just take the tram and it leaves you some steps away from the apartment)<br/> Highly recommended!!1714 Beautiful accommodation!Every detail is impeccable.Jose and Vadym, are super predisposed, answered quickly and gave us super useful advice.The floor is impeccable, all clean and tidy.The location is very good (located a few blocks from the Guinness Factory) and about 30 min in Tram of the Temple Bar's central area. Super recommended!1715 Clean environment, pleasant and easily accessible to the entire region of Dublin.1716 This is such a great find. It was super close to the tram which helped us get into town so quickly. For tourists who want to do the Guinness tour, it is just a stone's throw away so that was very handy. Vadym was so lovely and super hospitable and we had the best time. The apartment was so very clean, and it is quiet enough to get an early night when needed. Couldn't have found better :)1428 had an absolutely amazing stay, the space, towels and bed linens were immaculate. anything I could have wanted or needed was available, from coffee to a hairdryer to international adapters for electronics. the apartment was also very secure and so close to the luas, very very convenient! next time I come to Dublin I will be sure to book again!1429 Vadym's place was absolutely spotless. The kitchen was well organised and very clean. The bedroom was comfortable and the bedding was light and fluffy. Vadym was very accommodating, gave us tips in the area and we had many interesting conversations. An excellent place to stay, ideally located to visit the centre of Dublin daily. Thank you.1430 We loved every minute of our time in Dublin! Vadym was so accommodating , had many amazing suggestions and made all aspects of our trip smooth and enjoyable! Would highly recommend visiting Dublin and staying at this apartment! Great location, great communication, and great hosts!1431 Wonderful stay!1432 Had the best time!the room is perfect,great bed,private bathroom and veranda,spotless!the area is quiet and safe and the location is uniquely close to the tram station.I only meet Vadym who is so polite,sociable and happy person!He gave me a lot of tips and he was available any time.Thank you for a great stay!1433 Vadym’s place was a great place for our quick stay in Dublin! It is very close to the Guinness Storehouse and the tram ride is very convenient to the train station (Heuston) and also for getting into the heart of the city. The apartment was very, very clean- one of the cleanest Airbnb’s I’ve ever stayed in. This was actually my first time staying in a room within an apartment (compared to having the whole apartment to myself) and it was a great first experience. Vadym was very respectful and the apartment was quiet and restful. Moreover, I felt safe and welcomed by Vadym. Although the area around the apartment seemed to be a little ‘rougher’ than other areas of Dublin, the apartment building itself felt very safe and was VERY close to the tram line. Little details: the water pressure in the shower was great, the bed was comfortable, the room had a lovely balcony off it and great blackout curtains for a good nights sleep. It was quiet. The cat was very adorable but didn’t come around much.1434 Our stay at Vadym's place was perfect for us. It had everything we needed or wanted, plus some. The balcony attached to the bedroom was perfect for relaxing at night. Overall we would definitely go back and recommend their place to others.  Vadym also let us drop our bags off early as well as check in early so we were able to get some rest after a long flight!1435 perfect appartment and perfect host!1436 Jose and Vadyms place is a great apartment with a nice room for guests with their own bathroom. The flat was very clean and Vadym was very friendly, accesible and nice to us. We will recommend him to anybody although the flat is a little bit far from the center to walk but you have the Luas station in front of it.1437 Vadym was excellent.The location of the house was perfect a stone's throw from Luas and the center.1438 Apartment very well located.I recommend.1439 It was a lovely place and we had a great time in Dublin!<br/>The room was as nice as described!1440 Teresa and her husband Huey were such great hosts! They provided not only great hospitality but also recommendations, stories and just all around great conversation! I’ll definitely be back to visit so I would definitely recommend them!1441 Very nice people and a great place to stay!1442 We had a lovely time at Teresa’s. It was a very cozy place to stay at. Everything worked out fine! Thank you for having us:)1443 Very nice host. He gave us a few tips and was very helpful. Communication by e-mail is particularly fast and reliable. The location is also very close to the tram station which takes about 10-15 minutes to get to the center. Thank you for your hospitality<br/><br/>1444 Great hospitality from Vadym.  He explained everything to us very clearly. The flat was very cosy and pictures on the profile matched with reality. We recommend your stay by Jose and Vadym.1445 Clean room and bathroom, good location near Fatima station, the environment very quiet, good kitchen to use. Highly recommended. <br/>1446 A very clean and tidy modern flat. Vadym made it very easy for us and made us feel at home. Great communication.1447 Lovely room with balcony. Everything was clean and the location was close to the city centre. Vadym and Jose were great host with nice tips about Dublin so we could really enjoy our trip! Would really recommend it for a short stay.1448 Pictures on the profile match with reality. The room - and the whole appartment - is very clean. Vadym - José was not here - was very nice, he welcomed us like a friend. We felt very comfortable. By Luas it is very easy to travel to the city centre. Also a walk is very well possible. We will definitely keep this address for our next visit in Dublin.1449 Vadym is a gracious, thoughtful and very organized host. The tram is a short distance and accessible to city centre. We had a fabulous time at this airbnb and rank it as one of the best we have stayed at. <br/>~  Frank and Sonia1450 Vadym was super friendly and helpful during our stay. The location is not near the city center so just know there will be a lot of walking. About 20 minutes to Guinness but everything else is 30-40 minutes walk. But the neighborhood seemed safe. Kinda loud during the day with all the kids but quiet at night. Soap and shampoo was available for us to use. Shower was a good size. Very inconvenient location to leave luggage if you arrive before the 5pm check in. About 30-35 minute walk and it costs money to leave the luggage. But that was the only slightly inconvenient thing. Everything else was great.1451 The apartment was very nice and clean! Vadym was so helpful and willing to assist with any questions asked.  About a 15-30 min walk to major Dublin attractions! We had a great time and would love to come back!1452 Jose&Vadym's place is very clean and is located in a quiet neighborhood.  Location is a short distance walk to the city tram.  It is very easy to get to city center.  Extra kudos to Vadym for providing us a smooth check in process.  He also offered us great tips around the city.  Great stay overall!1453 This is a great place to stay if you want a clean, comfortable room in a good location. Jose was very welcoming and made us feel at home. It’s very convenient for the LUAS tram service and we were happy that we followed Jose’s recommendation to buy a three day LEAP card when we arrived at the airport; it made it very easy to get around the city.1454 A nice small apartment  very close  located to the LUAS Tram line. Ideally, when you join in a Congress in the Convention Center.<br/> Jose is a very friendly host! Thanks!1455 Clean and comfortable.  5 minute walk to Guinness Storehouse.  Able to find free street parking very close to apartment.  Very friendly and helpful.1456 Great location for those who want to see downtown Dublin!1457 Very clean, had all of the essentials, comfortable bed with cute patio attached to bedroom, room was equipped with a converter for chargers, across the street from tram, 20-30 min walk to city center.1458 It has been a great experience.I was only two 2 nights, I had the opportunity to meet only Vadym, a very friendly and attentive person.The floor very clean, equal or even better than in the photos.I would certainly repeat.1459 A beautiful apartment centrally located. I spend a while here and managed to get everywhere you'd possibly want to be throughout the city without any difficulty.1460 Great place, great host(s) although i have only met Vadym. <br/>Vadym was very helpful, the place was sparkling clean and comfy. <br/>His kitty is adorcable :)<br/>its a walking distance from city center and there is a tram right next to the building making getting to and out of the neighborhood super easy.1461 It was just e perfact stay!! We felt very comfortable. Everything was well organized. Karin was a really very friendly host.<br/><br/>Thank you very much for everthing. <br/>Cyril & Friends1462 10/10. So clean, Teresa and her husband are so nice and give great suggestions on places to visit. They give you maps for bus and trains and also tour guides info. They are awesome!1463 Teresa's little "Holly Cottage" is the perfect place to spend a few wonderful days in Dublin.Even if the accommodation is a bit outside of Dublin, you can easily reach the city center by bus or train.Apart from the detailed directions and the tips that Teresa sent us before our arrival, we also received support on site with finding the right bus connection or daily activity.<br/> The rooms are very lovingly furnished and you feel directly at home, which is also due to the warm way of the hosts.<br/> I would always like to be Teresa's guest.1464 Teresa and her husband were lovely! They were so helpful in providing insight on where to go to have the best Dubin experience. In addition, it was very clean and stylish. Highly recommend!1465 Great place!Teresa is a top host, very welcoming and full of good advice.<br/> The double room we had was very clean and very comfortable: clean sheets, heated bed, socket adapter.A bathroom is reserved for hosts.<br/> The breakfast buffet was perfect!1466 We have found good and super cheap accommodation!1467 Teresa’s place is a quite locality and is very stylish with very thoughtful touches. She and her husband are very respectful of the person staying at the property and at their toes to help when needed.1468 Hosts were brilliantly helpful. The house was amazing and near everything we were interested in getting to. Also Teresa is a saint. We had a minor scheduling issue and they worked through it with us without a complaint and were super kind through the whole thing. You wont find a more lovely couple in all Dublin and that is saying something. Everyone we met was super nice.1469 Teresa and her husband are really nice hosts!They are extremely warm and nothing is missing.In addition, you get really good insider tips, what you can see.The connection to the city center is optimal and right in front of the door and also in Dundrum yourself you can shop or go out to eat.Clear recommendation!1470 Very kind and sweet people. A pleasure to stay with them!1471 Teresa and Hugh are wonderful hosts in their cozy cottage in Churchtown. Great spot for launching into exploring Dublin.1472 If you want to love Dublin, you must first reside at Teresa.You will be made to feel very welcome in a warm, quiet and impeccable setting.Very well advised and directed.Being a bit out of the way will allow you to discover the Dublin life!1473 Both of our hosts were very helpful. It's very easy to get to the house from the airport and to Dublin. Great experience!1474 Great location with easy transport links. Nice friendly atmosphere and lovely hosts.1475 Teresa and Hugh were both amazing, kind, helpful and thoughtful. I love my stay in their beautiful and comfortable home and would choose to stay with them again should the occasion arise once more. Highly recommended! Great location for shopping, the mountains, sea and Dublin centre, very close to transport links too if you don't have a car!1476 Teresa is adorable.The breakfast is generous and a real advantage in a super pleasant and bright kitchen which gives on the garden.The room is comfortable and very quiet like the neighborhood.A nice pub at the end of the street (full of good gins & whiskey for amateurs).Bus 14 which takes 100 meters further serves the city center in approximately 30 minutes with good correspondence for the airport and the DART.He spends every quarter of an hour and finished the service at 11:30 p.m.The Luas Vert is not very far: about 10 minutes walk and brings to the city center in about 20 minutes.1477 We had a wonderful time at Teresa’s place! The room and the house are neat and clean, the bed really comfortable! Teresa and her husband are really charming and will recommend you the best place of Dublin to visit. Thanks for all the advices and see you surely soon!1478 Despite the late hour we wer greeted super friendly. Our room was perfectly equipped,  clean and big enough for two people. Breakfast was included in the price and there was a lot of choice. The house is super cozy and the two hosts (Hughie and Teresa) are super nice and lovely. We felt right at home. With the bus or the train/tram one arrive within 20 minutes in the City centre. The connections are good. I would recommend the accommodation to anyone who doesn't want to live right in the centre of Dublin. You could also meet some other guest and have nice conversation with them. Dundrum is a very beautiful and idyllic place. Perfect holiday with a perfect accommodation :)1479 Very nice hosts, all good.1480 Gorgeous backyard with plenty of seating, beautiful kitchen with 3 walls of windows, and free parking on site! They are very friendly people with a lovely home.1481 What a wonderful little home with warm and caring hosts! I could not recommend Teresa and her husband more; they were both happy to tell us about different places to visit in the area and were interested in learning about our lives back in the States. Our room was cozy and had everything we needed for our week-long stay. The Holly Cottage was the perfect home-away-from-home for our first trip to Ireland and we couldn't have asked for better hosts.1482 Theresa’s place is fantastic - I stylish and tidy Irish house far from the city center but very accessible with the bus - the ride offers the possibility of capturing the city’s beauty :) You also benefit of a breakfast with a view - part of the kitchen’s walls are made of glass and you can see the beautiful garden. <br/><br/>She was very hospitable and offered a lot of information regarding places to visit as tourists. <br/><br/>I would gladly return there!1483 T and Huey are so awesome!! Their house is sooo cute and very close to the 14 bus that takes you into town. They are also very helpful with tips around the town, and on what you should do. Highly recommend!1484 Fantastic host. Felt like home1485 Very friendly and helpful people, they are very organized and have a good system1486 Beautiful home and amazing hosts! I would definitely book with them again.1487 Teresa was very friendly and patient with us, although we had some unexpected changes in our travel plan. The flat was very comfortable, tidy and nice. The breakfast was also very good. During the night the water heater turned on every now and then, which was quite noisy and kept waking the sleeper up. However, we can highly recommend Teresa’s place!1488 Very warm welcome!Teresa guided us even before we asked for information.Very clean house, very kind people.1489 We spent a lovely week-end at Teresa's place. The cottage is very well situated, it's very easy to get to the city centre and Teresa and her husband provided us with all the information we needed about public transport, places to visit etc. The house is cosy and clean, the bedroom really nice, the only problem is the water heater which is really noisy and kept waking us up at night. But for the rest of it, it was a great stay and we thank Teresa and her husband for their hospitality !1490 A great alternative to an expensive Dublin hotel. Teresa is so friendly and it is truly lovely to come back to a suburban atmosphere when travelling. Simple transport options into Dublin City.1491 Such a welcoming place to stay near Dublin. The cottage was even cuter than we could have imagined, and the hospitality made us feel at home. Would definitely come again.1492 Teresa and her husband are very hospitable and open.We were happy to talk to you and therefore felt really comfortable in the apartment.Shops etc. are easy to reach on foot, including the trip to/from the airport or parts of the Wicklow Way are very simple.I can recommend the accommodation.1493 The cottage is nice, a bit away from the city center. Bright kitchen where self service cold breakfast is served. Room not big but cozy. Good value for money! Thanks!1494 Teresa and her husband have a wonderful small house in churchtown. To the City Center it takes you about 30 to 45 minutes.<br/>We had a nice little double room. In the bathroom it can get a bit busy,  as three room share one bathroom with toilet. <br/>Breakfast is continental and good.1495 Amazing place to stay in a superb location, hosts are lovely. Would highly recommend.1496 Comfortable accomodation, convenient for Dublin amenities. Lovely hosts.1497 Teresa and her husband run a lovely B&B. The rooms, while modest, are comfortable and very clean. Their location is well situated to grab public transit and Teresa is wonderful with help to get out and about with suggestions and directions. The only suggestion I have is for folks that are light sleepers and that is to bring ear plugs. The cottage is lovely, but there are noises in the early evening with other guests using the common washroom etc. Not unexpected with common facilities.1498 My stay at Karin's apartment was perfect. This was my first Airbnb stay and if they're all like this I won't stay in a hotel again. The apartment was in a very nice building and was cleaner than I could have imagined. Karin woke up very early to accommodate our arrival and was very pleasant. There were no surprises in regards to the apartment and Karin left us some breakfast foods and coffee which was great! The apartment was located perfectly so a ten minute walk will get you to anything you need. I would highly recommend staying if you're looking for a place in Dublin.1499 My sister, her son and I had a wonderful stay in Karin's beautiful apartment.  It is the ideal place to stay when visiting Dublin.  It is in a great location as the apartment is very near to the city centre - within easy walking distance of O'Connell St. (less than a 10 min walk in).  The apartment  is really lovely, it is beautifully maintained and has everything needed for a really comfortable stay. Karin is a wonderful and welcoming host.  I would highly recommend both Karin and her wonderful apartment and would definitely stay in this apartment again - a very unique place.  Rosemarie1500 It's all been said before in every review left for Karin and every word of it is true, Karin and her apartment are exceptional. She was completely available for any questions or concerns prior to arriving as well as during our stay. Left for us to enjoy were homemade banana bread, tea, coffee, juices, fruit, yoghurt, eggs, and milk. Her kitchen is stocked with every imaginable pot and pan needed to prepare any meal in the lovely kitchen. <br/><br/>The flat is exquisite, yet comfortable and homey with a cosy couch and plenty of DVDs or books to enjoy by the fire. Karin provided tons of literature about Dublin along with maps of the area and guides for every tourist attraction in the city. She also has adapters available so as to easily convert our U.S. plugs to fit the Irish outlets - extremely convenient. <br/><br/>The Mountjoy area is beautiful and an excellent neighbourhood. It's location is far enough from the city to avoid crazy amounts of people and tourists, but convenient enough so that all the sights are an easy walk from the flat. Markets for groceries are nearby and quite reasonable. <br/><br/>My highest recommendation regarding Karin and her incredible apartment!1501 The room and bed are very comfortable. I only met Vadym, but he was very welcoming and hospitable. I would definitely stay here again.1502 Fantastic house and a fantastic host. Felt welcome from the first minute I met Vadym. The house surpassed my expectations. Vadym and his partners place are a credit to the Air B&B community.1503 Vadym is a wonderful host, he will always be ready to give you the perfect addresses for visiting or eating or finding out. Don't be afraid to go alone because Vadym is probably the nicest person in Dublin, you can only become friends with him. His apartment is nickel, he's close to everything and he has all the modernity and comfort that we need. It was a perfect stay!1504 Vadym host very relational, friendly, listening, José Contact very responsive in message and friendly.Their apartment is described as the photos.Quiet location easy access by information from José and Vadym.Keeping touch by offering breakfast.Easy location access access bus 747 up to finish line and tram 2 stops.time a good 45 minutes.Housing on the GUINESS Factory and ACCES JERVIS 15 minutes for the Church ad for Fan U2.With joy to return home.1505 We stayed in Dublin for the first time between 8 and 10 November and it was a beautiful experience.First of all, reaching the Jose & Vadym house from the airport was very simple thanks to the indications provided by Vadym, and also from there move to the center with the tram, very fast.Excellent location of the accommodation.Vadym is very hospitable and kind, we found it at home to welcome us and gave us a lot of useful indications on places to eat well and how to move to reach the tourist places we wanted to see, it was really very helpful.Their house is wonderful, furnished with a lot of taste, bright, clean, with many plants.Our room was very warm and welcoming, with many blankets and cushions, and gave a balcony with chairs and a table, arranged with care.The bathroom is large and complete with everything.There was also everything you need for a good breakfast, we highly recommend it!Vadym is really a nice kind and nice person, in an Italian word we could use "cure" to describe his way of doing, his attention, (Website hidden by Airbnb) in English we would say that: Vadym Hosted Us with Really Great Care,With the Heart.We are really happy to have been their guests.1506 Excellent more than "superhost."Vadym's attention and communication was perfect, always predisposed to help, advise and always be aware.<br/> As for the apartment it is very beautiful, decorated with great style and then you, you have your room with a balcony and private bathroom.The area is very nice and safe.To give you an idea, I can add that I always walk everywhere, you get very easy. <br/> to return to Dublin would not hesitate to meet the boys again.!A hug!1507 Jose&Vadym's place was just what we needed for our stay in Dublin. Safe, central and clean. Would recommend for anyone looking for a place to lay their head in-between sight seeing.1508 I booked this place because of the wonderful reviews and I was not led astray! Jose and Vadym's place is the perfect location for the value. My boyfriend and I walked to the Guinness storehouse, Stephen's Green, Grafton Street and Temple Bar from the Bnb. The place itself was so nice, comfortable bed, our own guest bathroom and full access to the kitchen, coffee, tea, fruit, etc. Vadym was so kind and welcoming. Would definitely stay here again if I needed to go back to Dublin for a good price and a friendly face :)1509 I highly recommend Jose&Vadym’s apartment. It’s well located and really tidy and organised. Would definitely go back when I’m in Dublin again.1510 Perfect location on a tram connection.Nice host and reception.Nice space.Recommended1511 What an amazing place, only 5 minute tram ride to the city centre and the Guinness Storehouse only being 8minute walk away.<br/><br/>immaculate room with our own bathroom and shower. <br/><br/>the bed is incredibly comfortable which is always a massive plus! and made to feel very welcome.<br/><br/>thank you and overall would highly recommend1512 Beautiful quiet apartment easily reached on the tram line. I only met Vadym, who is a warm & welcoming host. My stay couldn’t have been better. I highly recommend.1513 The house is beautiful, the room is very very nice!The thing that stands most is the cleaning of the house and the kindness and availability of Vadym and Jose! <br/> The house is a stone's throw from the Luas stop, about twenty minutes walk from Temple Bar and Guinness Storehouse.<br/> Vadym was very kind to call the taxi for us for the return to the airport!Really superhost!:)1514 Perfect visit to Ireland!  Jose & Vadym were the perfect hosts. We didn’t get to spend much time with them....we were sightseeing most of the time. They were very helpful & friendly.  It is very close to transportation but we walked most of the time. It was a perfect safe place for a mother-daughter trip!! Thanks so much!!!1515 This is the perfect place to stay in Dublin, if you want to avoid noise and traffic center. Everything is perfect, nothing much to say really. Highly recommend!!!1516 Jose & Vadym were extremely hospitable hosts, staying up late to welcome me into their home on christmas day in the wee hours of the night - i knew right then that they would be attentive hosts. they provided great tips for getting around and finding whatever i needed, and their space was cozy and clean.<br/><br/>note that the location is a good 20-30 minute walk to the city centre, which i was pleased to make given how safe dublin is in general and how much i like to walk, but just FYI! it's a pleasant walk to be honest, don't let that deter you from these great hosts.1517 Jose & Vadym’s place was exactly as advertised. It is a shared space, but a private bedroom (with locking door) and all the essentials provided. A short LUAS tram ride, or a 25-minute walk, to the City Centre.<br/><br/>A note, my American GPS couldn’t specifically pinpoint the entrance to their apartment, so make sure you have clear instructions for that.1518 Vadym and Jose were great hosts they were very pleasant and welcoming their place was nice and clean and in a great location. I would definitely recommend!1519 Very pleasant stay with Vadym, which is very hospitable, apartment fully in line with the announcement.1520 Beutiful place and Lovely host. It was really easy to get to there by public transport and the place is spotless! thanks for making my time in Dublin even better! If I'm ever in town again I'll definitely book here.1521 Perfect stay good arranging host communication I highly recommend this accommodation1522 Great place, very nice location close to Luas train line. Great tips from owner of places and things to do while in Dublin. Will definitely use this location again for future trips to Dublin.1523 My girlfriend and I stayed for 3 nights in the house of Vadym and Jose.Perfect welcome!Our flight tied a lot and, between one thing and another, we arrived at 11 pm at home and Vadym welcomed us with kindness and availability!The room is super clean and the apartment is very welcoming.Linda is a gorgeous kitten :) Location slightly far from the center but with 20 minutes of walking (pleasant) you reach everything!Very quiet area and with an excellent bar under the house where to have breakfast.If I had to return to Dublin, I would undoubtedly stay from them!Thank you :)1524 It is a little away from center 30 to 40 min walking which for us it was a bit risky to return to walk once we got lost and to go out towards its department at 10 pm we arrived at 12 hrs because we left the internet apart;Then we moved in Luas and we had no problem1525 The place was very well located by public transportation or even by feet . As addition the place was very cosy and spotless . It is important to mention that Vadym was super welcoming and friendly host.  We loved staying at your place and most definitely recommend this to anyone who is looking for a convenient stay in Dublin.1526 I enjoyed my stay tremendously. Metro is a block away, but I preferred to walk into town. Nothing much in neighborhood, but less than a mile to first pub or restaurants. Apartment was spacious, clean and comfortable. Vadym made me feel welcome and I will return again I hope.1527 A really nice apartment in a great location. I would recommend staying there.1528 Everything was perfect!1529 Jose and Vadym's place is a nice and clean place to stay! The great thing about their place it's that only a 20-minute tram ride into the center of town and it's close to a lot of great places in Dublin!1530 Friendly welcome, well placed in Dublin, near Guinness Museum for amateurs and close to the city center.1531 We had such a wonderful stay! Easy to get into the city center and Vadym was very welcoming and helpful!1532 Vladym is a very attractive character, both discreet and altruistic and open.A really top stay.I, who am the refractory type of guest rooms and rooms with the locals I had no problem at Vladym.Our bathroom allowed us to have our privacy and the kindness of Vladym allowed us to feel comfortable.Thank you for everything.1533 clean, safe, comfortable, stylish, calm, modern, quiet apartment, very close to the fatima tram stop.<br/>highly recommended!<br/>i loved my two nights there and slept very well.1534 Great place! Immaculate and cozy.. nice fresh open space. Vadym was very helpful with specific usage of space which made things very easy.  The shower was roomy and perfect. We slept well and enjoyed being very close to everything:) we highly recommend anyone to stay here! <br/>Hang dai Chinese food and Legit coffee are a must.1535 I can absolutely recommend the accommodation!Vadym was super friendly and the apartment was so clean that you could have eaten from the ground.Communication was relaxed and went smoothly.The apartment is very central and in a quiet area.<br/> Top!1536 Teresa and Hugh were so accommodating! They're lovely home was always clean, and they looked after us very well! Definitely would like to come back again1537 We highly recommend Teresa's house. She is such a amazing host and her home is perfect. Everything was clean and she had basic food for breakfast (i.e. bread, peanut butter, cornflakes, milk, orange juice). Also she waited when we arrived and gave us useful advices. She is more than willing to make your stay as comfortable and convenient as possible. If you're on your way to Dublin I' recommend staying at Teresa's home.1538 Great place to stay, lovely 🏡 home1539 Very warm welcome, Teresa puts us at ease right away. <br/> very clean, careful decoration, breakfast included. <br/> a downside for the floor that cracks in the corridor of the 3 guest rooms.<br/> 10-12 min walk from Luas and 170 meters from the bus stop. <br/> I recommend!1540 We were very satisfied with our accommodation at Teresa.We received great tips on the same evening of our arrival.And even before arrival you get tips on how to get to Teresa from the airport best and what kind of ticket options, etc. There are.In total we were in Dublin for three days.From Teresa's house you can reach the city center with the tram in 15 minutes and the Wicklowmountains are also very easy to reach.<br/> <br/> Short and scarce, we were satisfied around.1541 Teresa was a lovely host and i would very much like to visit again!1542 Cosy, comfortable clean space. We had a lovely time, really appreciated local tips for restaurants and day trips (visiting Howth was great!).1543 Everything was great.Both Teresa and her husband helped us and gave us recommendations.Breakfast included many things, the room was impeccable and the deal was very close.The neighborhood is about 15/20 min from Dublin, but there is bus and tram with good schedule, in addition to the town has a lot of charm.<br/> I highly recommend it.1544 Teresa is a lovely host, she made sure we had everything we needed for our stay. She also accommodated for our late check-in time which was very much appreciated.<br/><br/>On top of all that she also gave us good tips on places to visit whilst in Dublin which were enjoyable.1545 Not far from the center, bus transportation is nearby, supermarket and pharmacy are at 10min walking distance. A really welcoming house, the hosts are friendly and make sure the guests have everything they need :)1546 Expect the unexpected, and enjoy a perfect Irish experience.1547 It was an absolute pleasure to meet and stay with Teresa and Hugh.  Thoughtful touches such as detailed transport options to their home from the airport, sightseeing recommendations, and bottled water in our room were most appreciated.  The complimentary continental style breakfast was an additional bonus.  A true home away from home experience! Thank you Teresa and Hugh.1548 Teresa and her husband were absolutely lovely hosts. Providing breakfast, a warm and clean room and all the necessary amenities. The house is quiet and situated close to the Luas so is perfect for getting around Dublin! Would highly recommend.1549 We enjoyed our stay, the room was comfortable and Teresa was very kind and accommodating. There was a good selection for breakfast and public transport was easily accessible from the house. :)1550 If you are looking for a good place to sleep, this is perfect.There is a bedroom, shared bathroom and kitchen.The breakfast is good, nothing special.Everything is neat and cared for.The landlord is also very friendly and provides information.It takes half an hour to get to the center.This is a great place to sleep for a few days in Dublin.1551 I had a wonderful time at Teresa's house, which is nice and comfy. I felt like at home and they were both very nice. <br/>The neighbourhood is lovely, quiet and you can be rapidly in the city center with the bus or tram. <br/><br/>Thank you both for a wonderful stay!1552 Teresa and her husband were very kind and welcoming. Her husband met me upon my entry and went over everything with me. He gave me a few maps and tips on things to do. The tram and bus stop to get into the city Centre of Dublin are within walking distance. Teresa’s place was a great place to stay near Dublin!1553 Great location, lovely hosts.1554 Teresa (host) helped to sort out another AirBnB for our stay in Dublin due to unforeseen circumstances. Despite the alternative stay costing more, Teresa gladly paid the difference for us and helped in the process.1555 Lovely house near Dublin Center. <br/>Once again thank you for receiving us so late (our plane landed 11.30pm).<br/>We really enjoyed staying at Teresa's e Hugh's place. They are a really nice and helpful couple.1556 My stay in this lovely AirBnB was as good as it gets the landlords are lovely and help you through anything the place is perfect if you are looking for something local yet a bit of a city experience!1557 The stay has been wonderful. The house is very cozy. Everything is very clean and tidy. In the morning having a delicious breakfast looking at the garden is a delightful experience.1558 Our stay at The Holly Cottage was a perfect, relaxing space that was only a 20 minute trip into Dublin. A wonderfully reliable host with great communication and recommendations, who was perfectly hospitable & our stay included breakfast! Loved the room, reliability, cleanliness, and felt greatly suited to the cosy charm of Ireland.1559 Teresa and her husband are the most kind hosts that I ever met! Their place it’s so comfortable, that make the my trip experience even better! I highly recommend them!1560 Teresa and her husband are really kind and friendly. Beautiful and comfortable house only 10 min walking from the LUAS.1561 Great hospitality, very clean, lovely people!<br/>Great Vacation.<br/>Thank you!:)1562 Very cute accommodating couple, very nice area. Nice pub just at the end of the road. House was super cute and very comfortable bed.1563 Very friendly hosts, great cottage with good connections to the city. Always quick responses.1564 very friendly.  clean room, good breakfast choices1565 Teresa and her husband are so amazing! It was wonderful staying with them and hearing all of their recommendations. We would’ve never went to Howth if Teresa hadn’t told us about it and it ended up being one of our favorite places! Definitely recommend staying here! Nice and clean, easy to get to the city. Very close to the bus stop.1566 Very nice and warm welcome. <br/><br/>Scheduling of the bathroom was difficult with overall 5 people in the house.1567 Lovely place with lovely hosts1568 My friend and I had a great stay with Teresa. She is super cool to chat with and the house itself is comfortable and has everything you’d need. It’s also super close to the 14 bus which takes you into the city or wherever you’d want to go in the area. We had a great stay and I highly recommend staying here to get the most out of your Ireland trip.<br/>Ps. Churchtown Stores bar down the road makes some great whiskey sours /cocktails and there are some good coffee shops/restaurants around that aren’t busy like the city.1569 Teresa and her husband welcomed us wonderfully.We recommend without hesitation 👍1570 They can expect a wonderful welcome,1571 Lovely stay, great location.1572 Good location and good room1573 It was lovely staying at Teresa’s. She was incredibly helpful and pleasant to chat with.1574 We had three wonderful days in Dublin at Teresa, the museums and also the wonderful suburb Horth watched ourselves on the coast.1575 Teresa and Hugh are a lovely warm couple who were only too happy to assist with my questions re: holiday in Dublin. <br/>The breakfast was very generous and the bus to city very convenient.<br/>Recommend Holly Cottage to any guests traveling to Dublin.1576 I think it's okay1577 We felt so comfortable in the beautiful cottage.<br/>Teresa is such a lovely and open person who makes you feel at ease right from the start. <br/>You have privacy, feel well taken care of and the interior of the house is beautiful and unique. <br/>We stayed there for 3 nights and can really recommend the accommodation! <br/>Teresa gives good tips on where to go and how best to get somewhere. <br/>The journey into town takes 15-20 minutes by bus, the bus stop is practically right outside the door. We actually really enjoyed the bus ride, the buses are two-storey and you have a great view. Since Churchtown and the way into the city are very beautiful to look at, the ride itself is a little experience. <br/>We were really delighted and would recommend anyone to stay with Teresa.1578 We really enjoyed our time at Teresa’s house. We had everything we needed, the house was just 25 minutes away from the city in a beautiful neighbourhood. Even though the other rooms were also occupied, the house was quiet and comfortable. Teresa and her husband are very lovely people who made us feel at home.1579 Teresa and her husband are charming hosts.We had a warm welcome.They took the time to answer our questions and advise us on visits.There is everything you need for breakfast.The room and the equipment were perfect.1580 Teresa is a golden hostess.She told us by message several days before our arrival several ways to go to her house from the airport and recommended a lot of places to visit during our stay.Once arrived, her husband made us very welcome.In the room there is a dublin plan, brochures and a neighborhood plan to find out how to take the bus or the tram.Everything has been shown and explained to us.Note that it takes about half an hour to go to the city center and that bus 14 remains the best solution.Teresa made sure several times that we spent a good stay and it was very pleasant to chat with her.We will gladly come back !1581 A beautiful gateway to Dublin and Ireland undoubtedly that we highly recommend you except the next 365 days since we have already reserved them :-) (Just a Joke).1582 If you want to discover Dublin while staying in a quiet area, Teresa's lovely place is made for you! It is only 30mn from Dublin center by tram and Teresa will give you some advice to have an agreable stay.1583 We stayed for 4 nights at Teresa & Hugh's Holly cottage.<br/>Teresa & Hugh are a lovely couple. Hugh welcomed us when we arrived, showed us around. Teresa knows all the good stuff, how to best get to certain sights by public transport. <br/>The double room is cosy, the bed comfortable. The bathroom very clean and tidy. The no 14 bus is close by, about 30 min to get to the city centre. Breakfast is more than enough choice, Irish bread, toast bread and preservatives to choose from. <br/>We went to Dublin for the Garth Brooks concert and stayed at Holly cottage for a few days. Both Teresa & Hugh were very friendly and always ready for a chat. <br/>Absolutely worthwhile staying there!1584 Margaret is very helpful and attentive! She and her husband are very nice and always available!! They are generous and very nice host!1585 Margaret and Gordon were fabulous hosts. Really looked after me while I was there. Always willing to help at every opportunity. <br/>1586 A very nice stay with Margaret and her husband. Only to short. Highly recommendable!1587 Our stay in the Georgian Studio met all our requirement and dreams. Karin was very welcoming and she took the time to show us on her map what spots were her favourites and what monuments were not to be missed. Very instructive!<br/>The studio is well decorated, super functional, and well located. We didn't even took the bus to travel in Dublin (only to come and go from the airport). <br/>I would definitely recommend staying at Karin's place!1588 Our stay was great, the apartment was lovely and very nicely equipped.<br/>Karin was a great host and some questions were answered immediately.<br/>The apartment left nothing to be desired and if I happen to visit Dublin again I'd stay there again with no doubt.1589 We had a great time in this lovely studio.<br/>Convenient location, friendly and informative host and delicious provisions helped make it a wonderful short break.1590 I contacted Karin about renting the Very Special Oval Georgian Studio for my daughter and her boyfriend.  She got the trip to Dublin as an 18th birthday present.  Karin got back to me right away and the 5 days were booked!  The couple had a wonderful time.  The studio was so nice they wanted to spend more time there!  They saved money eating breakfast and lunches in the flat.  The flat is very central, about a 10 - 15 min. walk to Temple Bar and easy to get to from the airport by bus.  Karin couldn't be there for their arrival but kindly arranged for someone to meet them.  This was our first time using Air BnB and the whole experience couldn't have been better.  Much nicer and more personal than using a hotel and cheaper as well.  Thank you so much, Karin!  We'll definitely contact you the next time we are in Dublin and will recommend you to friends!1591 It was really nice to stay at Margaret`s house, and they were very helpful hosts. Quiet area and a good bed, so I had a good sleep. Access to the bus to the airport as well as to the city is near. Good trip!1592 The host was really welcoming, they kept asking if everything was alright. All in all, I am pretty pleased with my stay. I had a great time, all the family were really friendly and hepful. They let us do more or less what we wanted but never losing respect for us.<br/>I fell good, there was no noise in the room. The first day, unforgettable!!  It was a lovely day because her husband, open-minded people and a fabulous greeter, showed me the Dublin city centre by car. <br/>Same thing with the last day, he accompanied me to the airport.<br/>With that, I will close the post that living with an Irish host offers friendship and the unique daily experience of improving English.<br/>Thank you for all and i recommend this house.1593 I had 4 lovely days in Margaret's and Gorden's house. They were very helpful host. The area is very quite and nice. The bus to the airport as well as to the city is near. That is very comfortable. I will gladly come back!1594 I liked my stay. Margaret was very nice (she came by car to pick me up at the bus station, offered me breakfast, etc.). The room is small but the house lovely. 20 minutes by bus from city centre and also from the airport.<br/>1595 Margaret was a good host . I felt like home. I had nice conversations sharing a the.The bus to the airport as well as to the city is near.comunicated by bus. I recomend the place ,The room was pretty cozy and comfortable to stay with wifi connection. I liked the breakfast and dining area too.  <br/>Thank you Margaret and Gordon! See you soon.1596 I had a great time while staying with Margret and Gordon. Both were gracious host. They made it easy on me for navigating the city and were kind to give me a ride to the bus station. I look forward to our next visit!1597 Our stay at Karin's was delightful.  She is very knowledgeable about Dublin and the best places to visit.  The room is comfortable and cozy and everything was clean.  The beds were comfortable, even the hide away bed! We didn't make use of the fireplace, but would have if it had been a bit cooler.  Karin treated us to soda bread and some breakfast items when we arrived.  The historic house is exquisite- it feels like you've stepped back in time.  We didn't cook very much, but a cup of tea, some biscuits and an Irish movie from Karin's collection was a great way to end a long day of touristing and shopping.  The surrounding area was a bit dodgy at night, but it was refreshing to see a real neighbourhood and its people and not a tourist trap.  I would definitely go back.1598 Karin was remarkably kind and accommodating for our ever changing schedule. The apartment is beautiful, and I will we could have made even better use of it!1599 The apartment is very comfortable and clean. We enjoyed every evening by the fireplace. Excellent location, right in the center of town. Karin is a very good host, always ready to help. <br/><br/>I recommend to everyone. <br/><br/>Livia1600 We had a great time in Dublin and a big part of that thanks to the thoughtful and detailed suggestions of Karin!  She even provided us maps, personal recommendations and a list of very useful information regarding the city.  <br/>The flat is great, the kitchen is very well equipped and we definitely felt at home (if our home were fancy!).  <br/>The location is not in the middle of the action, but it is within walking distance from everything we wanted (and had time) to visit.  <br/>The only setback we had was the fact that wifi went down during the whole period of our stay.  Even so, Karin was nice enough to offer us her personal iPad with a 3g connection so we could check emails and sort issues related to the ongoing trip.<br/>We would definitely stay there again.1601 Karin was a wonderful host, and the apartment was amazing. Having had to start our vacation a day later due to difficulties with our airline connections, Karin gave us some great advice that helped us re-prioritize our tourism agenda for the shorter stay. There were some great snacks left for us, as promised in the listing.<br/><br/>It was lovely to stay in what seemed like an actual neighborhood where people lived, and yet to be more or less walking distance to city center (we chose to take the 20 minute walk, though buses were available).<br/><br/>This was a great way to visit Dublin. Thanks, Karin!1602 Wonderful accommodation, I would definately recommend this to everyone, especially if you're interested in historical buildings. Karin is very friendly & helpful and has much to tell about Dublin. It was also very nice that there was some breakfast already there for us to see us through the first morning.1603 Karin is a fantastic host and the Georgian studio we stayed in was lovely. Karin is thoroughly knowledgeable about Dublin and it's environs and provided many great tips for exploring the city. The kitchen is fully outfitted and was stocked with bread, eggs, cheese and other breakfast items.1604 Karin is the perfect host and the apartment is amazing. Karin gave us some very useful tips about places to visit and restaurants not to miss and we were very happy to follow her cultural and food recommendations ! The apartment is very clean, very well equipped, and comfortable. It is in a quiet environment out of the crowd but in a short walking distance from the heart of the city. When we arrived there was some eggs, yogurt and orange juice as a starter kit: very nice and useful ! Thank you Karin ! I definitely recommend Karin and her place to stay in Dublin.1605 Karin was an excellent host.  Our stay in Dublin was wonderful.  The location of the flat was very convenient and the accomodations were just as expected.  The flat was very clean and bright.  Karin made sure we had everything we needed and we really appreciated her helping us out with laundry.  Best Airbnb we have used so far!1606 We had a wonderful 3 day stay with Karin. Beautiful charming and comfortable accommodations. Karin also provided the perfect recommendations for what to see and not see in Dublin and beyond. Highly recommend!!1607 The apartment and area were exactly as the poster described. Everything is within walking distance. Karen was such a gracious host. She showed us around the flat and gave us a good list of stores and things to do around Dublin. She was a real help and a very kind host. I would definetly recommend this flat to others!1608 Nice place to stay; it truly is within walking distance to downtown Dublin where one can experience night life at Temple Bar, catch the Hop On Hop Off bus or the other tour buses offered for touring Dublin.  We used a taxi once, late in the evening, but other than that we walked.  Very close to Dublin Airport and it was quite easy to get a taxi right out the front door the morning we left. <br/>The quarters are small, but you are only using it to sleep in and maybe fix a light breakfast and snack.  The kitchen is very functional with all the dishes one needs.  We were a group of three adults, my husband, myself and our adult daughter; it was almost too cozy so I wouldn't recommend more than two.  Linens were all clean, however, it would have been nice to have a change of clean towels at least once.  <br/>We showed up a half hour earlier than we originally which we could sense kind of frazzled the host so maybe show up as scheduled!  Upon arrival our host provided eggs, orange juice, milk, yogurt and some condiments to get you on your way the first day.  There are grocery stores near by or just dine out.  <br/>Over all this is a nice place to stay and I would recommend it to anyone wanting to experience Dublin.1609 The Oval Georgian Studio was perfect for our short stay in Dublin. Karin gave us detailed instructions on how to take the bus from the airport and had all kinds of Dublin information at the studio. We appreciated she left a few things in the fridge for our breakfast. We walked everywhere from the studio and were delighted to find the James Joyce Center just three blocks away where we saw a stunning exhibition of post-war photos by Lee Miller of James Joyce's Dublin.1610 We had a great 3 nights at Karin's. It was lovely and beautiful and comfortable. We were a short walk from the main drag and could walk easily to temple bar, trinity college etc - we even had a lovely jog to and in Phoenix park and back. The apartment itself had all you would need. It was clean and we'll furnished, had big windows,  a nice kitchen, a cool fire place, lots of dvds, a loft bed. Karin and her neice were great hosts. Overall a great stay!1611 Our stay in Dublin in Karin's Georgian studio was wonderful. Karin is a gracious, welcoming, and informative host. The location of the studio is in a quite neighborhood close to the heart of the city but not in the most crowded and noisy  parts of Dublin. The apartment is lovely. The kitchen is modern and well equipped if you like to cook you will find Karin's place perfect. My husband and I would definately stay with Karin again.<br/>Margee Bright Ragland1612 This was our first trip to Ireland, what a beautiful country.  Dublin was great with wonderful history, shops and restaurants. The people were fantastic and so friendly. Dublin is a fairly easy city to get around in. Our host Karin was more like a friend than someone we just met. She loves Dublin and is very knowledgable about her city. The apartment was wonderful. It is so nice when you are traveling to have a place that is cozy and inviting at the end of a long sightseeing day. Karin was always helpful with anything that we needed. I would recommend her apartment very highly and would definitely recommend her to anyone I know visiting the Dublin area.1613 Very nice host, beautiful and cozy apartment with fireplace, well-equipped kitchen, stero system and DVD selection!1614 My boyfriend and I stayed here on our recent trip to Dublin and it was a great apartment for us.  Great location, easy to get to from the airport, many restaurants/bars in the area, close to the tram, and many sights are walkable.  Karin was great and provided us with lots of local information about sights, food and drink.  The place was tidy, neat, and clean.  We were provided with a bowl of fruit and some staples in the fridge.1615 This is a beautiful apartment with a very flexible, informative, and accommodating host.  Located about a 20 minute walk from temple bar and 10 minutes to the museum and post office.  The late 1700s architecture and uniqueness of the living space was the perfect way to cap off our Irish Adventure.  Apartment was clean, secure, and well organized. Karin also supplied plenty of maps, tourist information, and recommendations on where to eat/what to see that proved very helpful.1616 We loved this place! Karin was so welcoming and so helpful about places to go in Dublin. Her advice about places to visit and eat were invaluable and only added to our great time in Dublin.<br/>The apartment is full of character and it was a real treat to stay in such a historic gem. As an architect I really appreciate staying in such a magnificent georgian building, but can see no reason why an person wouldn't love this place!1617 We spent 12 days in Karin's apartment and we  enjoyed a lot staying there. We enjoyed it for the good location and also for the beautiful way it is furnished and equipped. Moreover  being in Georgian building adds something to your Dublin experience.   Not to mention the kindness of Karin who is always ready to give information and suggestions, to answer your questions and doing so she contributes to make your sojourn in Dublin a very pleasant and interesting experience. <br/><br/><br/>1618 Very nice and comfortable accommodation!1619 Cosy, quiet, clean, conveniently located, reasonably priced, attuned host; what more could you want? Great decor, guys.1620 Super clean room with balcony, great bed and really nice to have our own bathroom and access to kitchen. Would recommend :)1621 Apartment and host just perfect.Go with your eyes closed.Ideal to enjoy Dublin.1622 This is an excellent shared space. Hosts are very helpful. Great location near Dublin city tram (luas) and Guiness Brewery. Cleanliness at high standards.1623 Very quiet place, slightly out of hand on foot but very well served with the vehicles. <br/> welcoming and very clean house with the hosts really discreet and kind1624 As a Single, Senior, Female traveler, I am very particular where I stay and with whom. I can honestly say that staying with Vadym and Jose has been this time, as well as the last 5 times been part of the best experiences I have had in Ireland. The location is great for getting around the city and connecting with places outside the city using public transportation. The apartment is lovely, comfortable, very clean and welcoming. They work hard to make sure their guests have everything they need. I would recommend them to any of my family or friends.1625 Very clean apartment with a private bathroom, in a very quiet Dublin district near the tram.Host of a very appreciable kindness and availability. <br/> We recommend this address for a successful stay in Dublin.1626 Thank you for a great trip to Dublin!1627 Warm hospitality, kindness and respect to  guests.<br/>Nice flat, a private bathroom and free access to all equipments.1628 Very clean apartment, very friendly host, modern and tastefully decorated. Only a few meters to the luas station. Very quiet location, as room with balcony aligned to the courtyard. Gladly again.1629 The place was clean, very comfortable (slept like a baby) and well connected to the city. Had no trouble getting around or to the airport. Vadym was very very friendly and helpful (Jose was in Spain during my stay). It had everything I needed and made me feel right at home. For this price a true jewel.1630 Very very nice home, owner is more than friendly and everything is clean and tidy. Perfect1631 Exactly like in the photo.Everything well arranged1632 We highly recommend Jose $ Vadym’s Air BnB. They provide a very clean, safe and convenient to all touristic destinations.1633 The accommodation at Jose & Vadym was perfect for an entertaining trip to Dublin.We were on site for a total of 3 days and everything fit very well.The check in worked smoothly and when we arrived at the top of the apartment, further agreements with Vadym very friendly.<br/> You sleep in an extra room and have the spacious bathroom at your disposal. <br/> Thank you very much Vadym!1634 Fabulous hosts in a lovely, well kept apartment. Really close to a tram stop.<br/>We would highly recommend this AirBnB.1635 We had 3 nights staying in Jose and Vadym’s apartment meeting both of them while we were there. The place is exactly as the photos show and while a little away from main city centre it is so easy with luas only a minute away and the leap visitor card was good value (we purchased the 72hr for €19.50).  It was an easy 10 min walk to Guinness Storehouse and the arch cafe is just across from apartment for a good value for money breakfast (€3.50 huge bowl of porridge). The apartment was very quiet so we slept well and very informative information on their profile for public transportation etc which was all accurate.1636 Jose and Vadym were very welcoming and accommodating. The apartment is very updated and is as clean as a hotel room. The place is very close to public transportation and is located in a safe neighborhood. Would definitely stay again!1637 Nice host, and lovely apartment.1638 Wonderful hosts, fantastic location and a great place to stay. I would definitely recommend to others.1639 Great location, right next to the tram stop and guiness factory for stop at hop on hop off bus. Great communication from Vadym throughout and very welcoming as well. Place was spotless and the balcony was a fab little extra.1640 We had really awesome time and felt welcome for the whole stay. Vadym and Jose are the kindest hosts and their cat Linda is a beautiful lady! Clean, cozy, comfortable, great location (super easy to get to the centre) - perfect place to stay in Dublin :)1641 We could not expect a better welcome from our host, Vadym, who not only spoke great English, he also spoke out mother tongue! He gave us excellent recommendations for meals and places to visit and the house was sparkling clean! He was a true sweetheart and we're definitely staying with him when we come back to Dublin!1642 We had a great stay in this accommodation.Vadym is a great host and leaves his guests totally comfortable.The facilities are very good and the cozy room with a very pleasant small balcony.There is a stop of the electric very close to the house and a coffee in front where you can have a bo1643 We had a great stay in Dublin here! We only met Vadym but he was very helpful in making sure we found the place and giving us everything we needed. Easy access to the Luas right outside the apartment. Highly recommend!1644 A lovely space, very clean and tidy.  A short walk from the city centre and right next to a tram stop. Really generous hosts who offer good recommendations and information about the area and sights of Dublin. Great communication and really helpful.  It was a really super stay.1645 Vadym was an extremely courteous, kind and helpful host, ready to meet all our requests.The apartment is very clean and tidy and the kitchen has all the small appliances needed to prepare a good breakfast.The city center can be reached with great ease and the information that appears on the site, combined with those provided directly by Vadym, make everything decidedly simple and fast.Vadym welcomed us with youth and being able to have a chat with him was really pleasant, he made our stay in Dublin even more pleasant.Thanks Vadym!1646 Very good very clean anfry1647 Vadym and Jose's home was lovely, and so was Vadym. <br/>I really enjoyed my stay there (check out the art, it was stunning) and I hope to visit again. I appreciated all the little touches (usb charger) and how comfortable everything was.<br/><br/>Note: I had to take a taxi because the LUAS didn't operate in the early morning of Saturday, so check your travel times before you book. Taxi fare ran me about 30 euros for a 5:45am pick up. <br/>Otherwise, it should be an easy trip via the 747 airport bus and then the place itself is very close to the LUAS station. <br/>Note the check-in time is stated as 5pm, so bear that in mind!1648 Vadym is a wonderful host. Very considerate and so welcoming. The apartment is spotlessly clean, private and very stylish. The kitchen had all you could want and the bathroom is for your sole use. Close to public transport and some of Dublin’s best sites.1649 Jose and Vadym’s place exceeded all of our expectations. It was a 2 minute walk to the LUAS station (Fatima) and that helped us a great deal, as my husband is currently on the mend from a broken leg. The room and apartment was sparkling clean and very stylish, yet very warm and inviting. We felt right at home and even enjoyed coffee on our private balcony. I would highly recommend staying with Jose and Vadym during your stay in Dublin. We enjoyed it so, so much!!1650 We had a very good stay with Vadym.Very clean accommodation.1651 The apartment is well connected to public transport. In addition the apartment ist very clean. <br/>The two guys are great hosts and give great tips for our stay in Dublin. Thanks a lot :)1652 Highly recommended once you get your bearings. It’s a close walk to the Guinness Brewery.1653 Very nice and stylish apartment. The directions were perfect, Vadym met us and gave us some good tips for the city. The apartment is immaculately clean and the neighborhood is quiet! It is about a 20-35 minute walk into town center, but take the tram, it is worth it, so convenient.<br/><br/>Another tip, while Dublin is lovely, we particularly loved getting out a bit. Malahide Castle and the town near it are a quick and affordable Dart ride out of town (so is Howth), and you get to see and smell the sea before tucking into a cozy pub.1654 Great room with a clean, large bathroom!Vadym is a great host and you immediately feel welcome.Little things such as umbrellas and socket adapters were also considered.The location of the apartment is right at the Luas station and you are in the center in a few minutes.We would love to come back!1655 Very friendly and welcoming host :-)1656 We had a lovely stay and Vadym was very welcoming. Good communication for arrival and the location of the apartment is very easy to get to. Thanks for making things easier and letting us leave our luggage later than normal.1657 Perfect, very nice welcome and good location.1658 Margaret is a great anfitrion, the room is same the picture, clean and perfect to stay a few days for visit Dublin, The breakfast is varied and Margaret is very attent with all guest and always have a nice words with the tourists, Margaret now is me new friend1659 nice room1660 Thank you! It was a nice Trip. <br/>Vadym was very nice and we felt comfortable. Everthing went well.1661 Great place for my fiancé and I to stay while in Ireland for a week! The place was so clean and tidy, super close to the tram line, and the host was so welcoming and gave us some great city tips. This is a perfect place to sleep if you’re wanting to stay in a quieter area instead of downtown.1662 A lovely warm and homely place to stay with style and immaculately presented throughout. Bed very comfortable. Vadym was very polite, friendly and hospitable. On my way to work he left fresh filter coffee for me in the kitchen, was much needed. This little thoughtful touch made such a difference to my stay. Highly recommend this place!1663 Lovely host. The apartment was just as advertised and a good location.1664 We had a great stay at Jose and Vadym’s Airbnb! The apartment is very clean and modern and is in a good location close to the Guinness storehouse as well as other bars, restaurants, grocery stores, etc. definitely recommend!1665 It was just like the pictures and really clean. They provided everything I needed and more, and it was a generally pleasant experience, the host were so nice and welcoming !!1666 Great place to stay!1667 Karin is the greatest host - so much information and suggestions, lovely apartment, well stocked kitchen.  We just followed the map for Dublin she have us with all her favorite locations highlighted and that was our trip - done, perfect.  The pictures are just what you'll find when you arrive, the location very convenient to the Airlink bus from the airport and within walking distance of most everything.  We'll be back.1668 Karin was a fabulous host. This little apartment was perfect for my friend and I as we spent a few days in Dublin. Karin greeted us warmly on arrival and took us through a thorough run through of the town - where to eat, where to shop and where to visit. It's about a 10 min walk from everything you need and we walked our way around the whole town. Karin was extremely helpful when we left and wanted advice on driving up to Belfast! I would definitely recommend staying here when coming to Dublin!1669 We had a very nice stay in Karin's beautiful studio.Everything can be seen as described and in the pictures.Everything that you need was available in the apartment, you felt at home.On our arrival, Karin took a lot of time to explain everything and show us on the city map, which might be interested.So we were well prepared to explore Dublin.In the morning I particularly liked to sit at the table in front of the large window and watch what's going on on Dublin's Standen.We'll be back!Thank you, Karin!1670 Karin was a great host, very welcoming and provided us with more than enough info about Dublin where to eat and shop etc. The room is accurately described and has the perfect amount of amenities. the studio is within walking distance the main hub of dublin and easy enough for the airport and local taxis. The neighbourhood is great but was a little noisy over the weekend period. A fantatic place to stay for the end of our holiday. Karin also left a small amount of groceries in the fridge which was very helpful.1671 Karin's Georgian flat is one of the most beautiful places we've ever stayed! It's incredibly cozy and is exactly as it appears in the pictures. It's just a 20-minute taxi ride from the airport and an easy 20-minute walk from most of the major sights in Dublin. Karin is brimming with knowledge and passion about Dublin and gave us a very insightful overview of the city's history, restaurants, and attractions. We'd recommend this place to anyone!1672 Karin was an absolutely fantastic host, just like all the other reviews had said!! She was there to greet us when we arrived and gave us a quick overview of the city, including places we should definitely see, and recommendations of places to eat and grab a drink.  All of her recommendations were spot on and places we may not have stopped at, but certainly glad we did!!! Karin's building and apartment were beautiful and clean, and you can tell that she takes great pride in her city and her space. I would definitely recommend Karin as a host!!! You don't get much better than her :)1673 Lovely apartment and beautiful building. Great location, tons of helpful tips from Karin to help you make the most of your visit to Dublin.1674 I was there for 1 months and it was really great thanks to Margaret and Gordon. They were very friendly and helpful. Moreover, you can use the kitchen and the washing machine as you wish with no extra fees. I strongly recommend these hosts.1675 Margaret and Gordon are a credit to Irish hospitality! One of the best host experiences I've had. Margaret is quite used to having travelers over, and hosting students. Location is a bit of a distance out but not a problem at all if the buses are running as there's a stop just round the corner. Supermarket just 2 minutes away.1676 Margaret is a talkative and warm woman who is obviously accustomed to having people stay at her house. She went above and beyond, in my opinion, as far as feeding me, and was generous to do my laundry the first day. Overall, the room is a great value, and is as advertised: very small (fine by me) with a comfortable bed. <br/><br/>Location-wise, I found it took me about 25-30 mins to get to the city center if I timed it correctly with bus schedules, although that could be much higher in rush hour.1677 I stayed at Margaret's house a week in August. Really enjoyed my time there, Margaret and Gordon are such a nice couple, positive, open-minded, sociable, always willing to help or give a good piece of advice, the house itself is nice, tidy, well decorated in Irish style) I wish them all the best, kind regards.<br/>Anna1678 Margaret and Gordon are two lovely people with a great house in a good part of Santry/Beaumont.  Plenty of busses available nearby (walking to city centre is a hike, about an hour, which is fine for nutters like me but normal folks should take the easy busses!)  Very accommodating, cozy room, comfy bed, nice people, what more could you be wanting?  Great experience, would definitely recommend.1679 The hosting couple were very welcoming, nice and accommodating. Though I could not stay there for long as I got to move closer to my University, I would really recommend others to use this place.  The room is bright and airy, suitable for a single person and has enough space for storing your luggage for short holidays as well.1680 The room is clean and organized . The neighborhood is very safe , there is public transport on the corner to most places of dublin . Margaret and Gordon are the best hosts you can have. They are very friendly , caring and<br/>they enjoy meeting new people. I had a very nice time at her house. I would certainly recommend this room to anyone . Thanks for everything, Margaret and Gordon!1681 Margaret and Gordon are very nice and caring hosts. They assisted me a lot with finding the right bus and getting around town. Both of them were always there to lend a helping hand and to have a nice chat. <br/>1682 Karin was very helpful with lots of information, a map and some advice. The location was handy to a rental car, which we needed later, but it was not that close to many things we wanted to see or do. We did expect to walk quite a lot but we ended up getting a cab now and then, which was fine. The main concern we had was that the steps to the loft are steep and we get up in the night. A nightlight would be helpful as the stairs are a bit precarious.1683 Everything is as described. Karin is a very friendly host, the apartment is very nice, close to public transportation, shops and O'Connell Street! 100% recommended!1684 The apartment is just as wonderful as the pictures suggest. We were completely blown away by the amount of effort Karen had put in to make this space as comfortable and as relaxing as possible. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend. Brimming with personality and charm. <br/><br/>Side note: do make sure you know exactly when you will be arriving as Karen has a very busy schedule and this can lead to a rather unpleasant welcome if you are late. Sorry again, Karen!1685 What a great place. Couldn't be easier from the airport. Bus to the door. Easy to walk to everywhere in dublin. The flat was lovely and Karin is a lovely host clearly passionate about the building and dublin. Everything you need to have a great stay.1686 If you're desiring, as was I, a classic and refined Dublin experience, then Karin's Oval Georgian will prove very special indeed. Unlike some rentals, the photos perfectly and realistically capture this lovely apartment. My three-night stay couldn't have proven more comfortable or welcoming: from Karin's fine introduction to the many key sites of this historically and culturally rich city, the well-supplied pantry (didn't need to go the store for morning staples),  and very comfortable bedding - all of it just the right amount and touch. I was glad to not be in the thick of the city and found I could be most anywhere in 15-20 minutes. Also, more taxis in Dublin than my own native NYC! This rental proves yet again why Airbnb is such a wonderful option and opportunity.1687 We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this Georgian studio.  As others have reported, the flat is in every way as beautiful as the photographs suggest.  The common areas are restful and strikingly appointed, competing with any high-end boutique hotel.   Karin is a very knowledgeable, helpful host.  Good kitchen, fine bedding and a fabulous fireplace. The location is excellent.  We will carry with us terrific memories of our time there. We recommend without qualification.1688 Beautiful flat. Very cozy and comfortable. Well equipped. We enjoyed out stay!1689 The Special Georgian Flat was a lovely place to stay during our visit to Dublin. The space is beautiful and the location is very walkable to the main parts of town like Temple Bar and O'Connell St. The neighborhood leaves something to be desired, but the local shop is run by very nice people and has all of the necessities.<br/><br/>We got off on the wrong foot with Karen as we arrived 30 minutes before we had previously agreed to meet to drop off our bags. She was not happy with us, but very accommodating as she made the apartment ready for us to take immediately. We were so grateful for that as we'd be traveling for 14 hours and our check in wasn't for another 6.<br/><br/>When we ran into her later she was very kind and informative. <br/><br/>We would love to recommend this place for anyone who is staying in Dublin.1690 Margaret and Gordon where amazing hosts. There house is warm and welcoming. As soon as you walk in the door it's like you are home. I had a single room and it was exactly as the pictures said, and had a tv which was a great bonus. They let me extend my stay and it was no trouble for them. As a solo female traveler there house was in a safe area and I had no trouble getting the bus into town. Thank you for the lovely stay!1691 I was warmly welcomed and the apartment corresponded to the pictures.It is very comfortably furnished and I felt at home.Karin is a great host.She tried very hard that I lack nothing.The historical beautifully preserved house is located near the city center and is easy to reach on foot in a few minutes or also has good bus connections.1692 Very well organised pick up of keys, via a neighbor, as Karin had explained she was out around the time we were arriving. House (and the Studio) is amazing and lovely ! It is just as the photos. Neighborhood is a mixture of great houses on the square and the nearby less attractive areas, as you walk into town (an easy 10 minutes). We were soon back in touch with our hostess, who arrived with a bowl of fresh fruit to add to the other goodies left for us in the studio. We even had a nice cup of tea and chat together the day we left, very hospitable ! Accommodation was very comfortable. Couldn't ask for more. Hoping to go back before too long !1693 We were both delighted with the accommodation.  Karin's description of the self contained apartment was completely accurate. The apartment had that unusual combination of being homely and elegant at the same time.  A comfortable place to stay. Her very detailed itinerary covered all we needed to know about our visit to Dublin. Whilst not wishing to criticize some other airbnb's , we preferred the absence of the host's personal belongings cluttering the place up; on the other hand there will be others who like it that way. <br/><br/>Karen gave us a warm welcome  when we arrived and popped in 2 or 3 times during our 4 day stay which was just the right balance for us. <br/><br/>We found the neighbourhood OK, the shopkeepers friendly and the location within easy walking distance of the City Centre.<br/><br/>A most enjoyable stay. Hope to come again.1694 Very nice and comfortable place, I can only suggest . I hope I will have chance to see more of this beautiful city1695 Margaret is very kind... gave me informations and helped me always when I asked for. The room is very comfortable. A really nice place to stay over. Hope to come back!1696 it was wonderful experience  to enjoy the warm hospitality of Margaret and Gordon , so willing to make you feel at home very fast . the house is nice , strategically located 20 minute from the center from Dublin, public transport works properly even during bank holiday time. Room is cosy and quiet  just perfect for releasing from the stress after hard work. I could enjoy the garden beside the season , I cannot imagine how beautiful has to be in summer chilling out with a glass of wine . But again the golden part of this house are them : 2 persons just so easy going and in love for life and people, surely a place to recommend to everyone and no question : looking forward to be back again .1697 I had an absolutely lovely time staying with Margaret! Her family took such great care of me. Her home is in a quiet neighborhood about halfway between the airport and downtown. Getting to either was super easy via bus. There's a supermarket across the street, so I was able to pick up whatever I needed without any trouble. I had a wonderful trip, and will certainly visit again when I'm coming back through Dublin.1698 Margaret and her husband were very welcoming and friendly. Nice clean house and good parking space.Ideal if you have your own car and want to have Dublin as your base.1699 The best air bnb that I ever was ! Margaret & Gordon took care of me the whole time, their such lovely and heartwarming persons !!! Great room, good area and a caring host family what else do you need ?! :)1700 Margaret and her husband Gordon are lovely people. Although the Shantalla Centra bus stop on the #16 airport bus is only a few minutes walk from Margaret's place, she took the time and picked me up in her car as I walked there. She also did my wash and invited me to Sunday dinner. The room is small, but bright with a big window, and has a comfortable bed. She includes a breakfast--cereal and toast, tea and coffee--too. I really enjoyed my two days there. I recommend it highly.1701 Margaret and her husband are great hosts. Very polite, clean and helpful. The room size is OK and the transport is nearby. Definitely recommending this one.1702 Dear Margaret, thank you for everything. You are so nice and friendly. <br/>Thanks to Gordon papa, too. He is really a nice guy! The room is comfortable and warm, just like live in my own house. thank you again, my Ireland mother and Ireland papa (Website hidden by Airbnb) JoAnne1703 Karin was a great host, the flat was superbly comfortable and in a great location for a leisurely stroll to the centre of the city. We will definitely be back to this flat when we come back to Dublin and will be telling all of our friends to do the same!! Thankyou Karin!<br/><br/>1704 Jose & Vadym's home was wonderful! It was very comfortable, centrally located, quiet, clean and pike "home away from home". They were great hosts and were always willing to help with ideas or suggestions. I would highly recommend their place to anyone.1705 Wonderful location, free parking and amazing hospitality! What more could we ask for? Thank you for your kindness and love. We do hope our paths cross again sometime in the future. 😊1706 we had a great time. Very close to a tram, therefore city centre was close1707 Vladym is a perfect host. The Airbnb was nice, clean and just 15 tramminutes from the centre. A perfect accomodation for a stay at Dublin.1708 Great Host! Very helpful with everything. Location was great for train transport and easy to get to from airport using directions provided. Quiet part of town.1709 Vadym was an excellent host, even accommodating our (extremely) delayed flight and very late check in! He waited up and gave us detailed directions for how to reach his place from the airport. The flat was in a really quiet neighborhood, but just a 2 minute walk to the tram and then a 10 minute ride to reach downtown. <br/>The bed was super comfy!<br/>Highly recommend Vadym’s place!1710 A spotlessly clean apartment.1711 Vadym was extremely helpful- we arrived in Dublin before check in and Vadym had communicated to say we could access earlier which was great! Communication for Vadym and Jose was exceptional- very quick and helpful!<br/>The apartment is lovely, great private bathroom and bedroom is a good size for what you need!<br/>The location to the tram is excellent- or a walk into town is nice as we did as you can take in a lot of main attractions on your way such as Dublinia, Guinness factory, etc. We felt really comfortable for the night we stayed. Definitely good value for money for a Dublin stay!1712 All ok!1713 I really enjoy staying at Jose&Vadym's place, the room is really clean and comfortable, we didn't had problems to arrive and it is very near the public transport (if you are afraid to walk alone in the night you just take the tram and it leaves you some steps away from the apartment)<br/> Highly recommended!!1714 Beautiful accommodation!Every detail is impeccable.Jose and Vadym, are super predisposed, answered quickly and gave us super useful advice.The floor is impeccable, all clean and tidy.The location is very good (located a few blocks from the Guinness Factory) and about 30 min in Tram of the Temple Bar's central area. Super recommended!1715 Clean environment, pleasant and easily accessible to the entire region of Dublin.1716 This is such a great find. It was super close to the tram which helped us get into town so quickly. For tourists who want to do the Guinness tour, it is just a stone's throw away so that was very handy. Vadym was so lovely and super hospitable and we had the best time. The apartment was so very clean, and it is quiet enough to get an early night when needed. Couldn't have found better :)1717 Comfortable stay1718 The apartament is perfect, it has everything and more that we need.<br/><br/>Jose and Vadym are very kind and confortable with us , they give to us a lot of information about Dublin.<br/><br/>Im sure i recommend this place.1719 Lovely, clean, spacious apartment in an ideal location. Would book again.1720 We only met Vadym who was a fabulous host and was very welcoming and was available to help with transport information. Our trip was excellent only downside was the rugby score but Ireland would be happy.Thankyou Vadym and Dublin for your hospitality1721 Enough space in the room, comfy bed and clean bathroom1722 A modern bright and airy flat with an unobtrusive but very helpful landlord. Enjoyed staying in his flat1723 Very clean, comfortable and convenient. Good communication and a pleasant and welcoming host. Very happy to recommend. Thanks guys!1724 Vadym is a great host! The place was extremely clean and in a perfect location. My girlfriend and I had a great visit while staying at their home. He gave us great advice on different attractions to check out in the city too. Definitely a 5 star experience!1725 Margaret and Gordon are very nice and friendly.1726 We had a great stay at this Georgian studio!  Karin was extremely welcoming and made all the logistics easy.  We would definitely stay there again!1727 We had an amazing week in Dublin. Thanks a lot Karin for all. The studio was perfect (like the pictures) and the fireplace ... so romantic.1728 Had a wonderful time in a beautiful unique space. Karin has created a fabulous place to visit and spend time. She was a lovely considerate host and would gladly stay there again.1729 Very nice place. Great experienced host who knows Dublin very well and is helpful in orienting you. Perfect for 2 people, clean and beautifully restored.1730 I haven't actually met Karin but I was welcomed by someone else who was very nice and helpful. She explained about locking the front door when going out and gave me a map of central Dublin, highlighting the main places for shopping and tourist attractions. I wasn't shown how to use the boiler to put the heating and the water on, but to be fair it's not rocket science. I figured it out and I am sure someone would have been available if I had gone to the flat upstairs to ask for help. <br/>The studio is fabulous! Loved staying in it. It is really close to O'Connell Street where the hop on/off buses go from and the Airlink bus to the airport is just down the road. It is a really good location for anyone wanting to walk to the main touristic places. It is on the busy Gardiner Street but this particular studio has the window on the quieter side street. I am used to no noise at all at night so I was woken up by the light night traffic, but that's because I am a light sleeper. It is located in a popular area,  but as soon as you step inside the house, it feels like you are in a very different area.<br/>The studio was clean and I loved that there were DVDs available on the first floor landing. It was nice to relax on the sofa while watching Irish movies! thank you for making those available to your guests. It had everything I needed and more in the kitchen. Even coffee and tea was available when I got there and some eggs in the fridge. <br/>The place really felt like home to me. I wish I had the same place in London :)1731 Karin was incredibly welcoming, the kitchen was stocked with basic items like milk, eggs, fruit juice and muesli.  Later in the day she dropped in some home made banana bread, which was lovely.  She was very accomodating and flexible in terms of departure, I'd definitely stay there again.1732 I am more for ,hotels (because the extra comfort), not much for apt but Mrs  Karin offers a good apt, in a nice location, easy to find, and I enjoyed my time visiting my nephew and his wife.Mrs Karin and her niece make sure we are doing good and they are very friendly.<br/><br/>1733 I had a grat week at Margarets house. I decided to book in her house because of the reviews I read from her and let me tell you that its all true. For starters the house is located in a very nice area close to the airport and city center. The room is nice and comfy. Any questions about transportation, places to go or any other thing Margaret and her husband Gordon would help you anytime. I really enjoy the week and the lovely company. They make you feel like home whenever youre far from home. Thank you very much!!!!! Best hosts!1734 I had a great stay at Margaret's. She was really nice and offered great local tips. The bus is close by to get into the city center as well as to the airport. Her home is comfortable and quiet, so sleeping in isn't an issue at all.1735 A great stay in Dublin! The room is clean and warm, the bed is comfortable and Margaret and Gordon are very kind people!<br/>You can find everything that you may need near there: a supermarket, shopping, 3 or 4 pubs (with good prices), bus stops, grocery stores... It's 15 minutes by bus from airport, and 15 minutes from city center, very easy to access.<br/>Margaret and Gordon always want to help you giving directions, offering some ride (if they are going to the same direction) and tips to help during your stay there.<br/>It was my first time out of my country and I felt like I was in my home.<br/>Dublin is an awesome city, the people are very kind with foreigners, the streets and parks are clean and colorful, the entrances are not too expansive, the nightlife is great!1736 I had a great stay by margaret. She's very friendly and the position is good. 10-15 minutes to the airport and 10-15 minutes to the centre. Take the bus 16 to go to the shantalla avenue, from there It's only a few minutes to walk.<br/>The room size was ok, the bathroom and the shower is very good and the house is clean.<br/>Thanks margaret1737 Hello friends.<br/><br/> I spent three days sleeping in Margaret's house.The bed is very comfortable, and the house is clean and is (website hydden by Airbnb) think that you have to take the bus to reach the city center at 20 minutes by bus that has a frequency of every 10 minutes.However, it is very grateful !!!!Sleeping in the center of Dublin means getting into a stressful place and full of Latin American tourists and students, but the Margaret district is 100 % Irish, quiet and very pleasant.<br/> Very good evaluation !!!!<br/><br/> I Will Be Come Back Son !!!Margaret and Husband Are Very Friendly and Lovely.<br/>1738 We had such a wonderful stay in Dublin and a large part of that was Karin's beautiful apartment. <br/><br/>The apartment is exactly as pictured -  beautifully decorated and super comfortable. It's just the right size for two people and it made all the difference to have the space to ourselves rather than staying in a hotel or similar. We could get up late and have some breakfast and in the evening it was nice to watch a little tv relaxing on the sofa. <br/><br/>I couldn't recommend Karin's place more highly- we'll be passing on the details to any friends going to Dublin! <br/><br/>It really is a very special place to stay - thanks to Karin for a relaxing stay and a lovely weekend.1739 We spent three days in this magnificent Georgian building, and we really appreciated the antique details and furniture. Unlike another experience we had previously with Airbnb, the photos perfectly and realistically reproduce this cozy apartment.<br/>It’s very well connected with the Airport and the Dart. It takes some walk however to get to the Centre of the city, but walk a little bit makes more complete the knowledge of a new city. <br/><br/>This mini-apartment is perfect for two people, spacious, very clean, and as wonderful as the pictures suggest. The bed was very comfortable and I really appreciated the white new sheets and the warm feather duster . The kitchen is well supplied and Karin provides also a small breakfast (juice, fruits, eggs). We have been very tempted lightening the fireplace to complete a relaxing evening watching a DVD on the sofa.  <br/><br/>There is a huge round windows filling the room with light, and unlike many others windows in northern Europe, ours had wooden blinds so that we weren’t disturbed by city lights at night. <br/>However being an old window without modern frames, doesn’t help the noise of the cars running on the main street, this makes the room unsuitable for those light sleepers, as well as the steps on the floor coming from the room upstairs, even late at night. <br/><br/>Apart from that, my three-night stay couldn't have been more comfortable or welcoming.<br/> <br/>Karin has a lovely character and I just wish I had more time to chat with her.  She was very helpful with lots of information, and gave us a map with all requested locations highlighted <br/>I would definitely recommend staying here when coming to Dublin!<br/><br/>1740 We had a wonderful stay at Karin's beautiful flat, which is spotless and ideally located. Karin is a terrific host: the airline lost one of our suitcases and she did everything she could to help us get it back and to make sure we had all the essentials. I would absolutely stay here again if we ever return to Dublin!1741 As many others have noted, Karin is a gracious host and makes her guests feel welcomed.  The apartment is in an immaculately maintained Georgian-style home a few blocks north of the Liffey River.  We are walkers so the somewhat steep ascent on the way back to the apartment others have mentioned was not an issue for us.  Karin provided much appreciated breakfast items (milk, eggs, fruit, coffee, tea, etc.) so that we could ease into the four days we spent in Dublin before driving to other parts of Ireland.  We would recommend this apartment without hesitation.  Thank you, Karin, for getting our trip off to such a wonderful start.1742 Our stay and our trip were great! Vadym’s place is very cool! You can go in the center for 20 mins by walk and Vadym is cool and discret enough to make you feel at home from the beginning!! I recommend !1743 SUCH a nice place! The communication was amazing and the hosts are really taking good care of you. Hope to come back!1744 We stayed at this place for 4 nights, it is great value for money, very close to the city centre and a lovely host too! Would 100% recommend1745 Lovely space, in a really good location. Easy to walk to the centre with lots of good coffee shops, restaurants and bars along the way. 10 mins walk from the Guinness factory. Vadym was very accommodating and friendly. Would definitely recommend!1746 Very clean room and bathroom.Vadym received us very friendly and everything went perfectly.There is a train stop in the immediate vicinity, so that quickly comes to the center of the city.On foot you are in the center in 30 minutes.1747 Friendly welcome and sparkling clean, comfortable flat.1748 Jose and Vadym are fantastic hosts and extended their generous hospitality to me during my four night stay. Whilst my purpose was for work, I can see how this location is perfect for tourists coming to the area as public transport links are right outside your door and the conveniences to many attractions is unbeatable. Vadym was so welcoming and helpful. The apartment is beautiful, quiet for sleeping with exceptional cleanliness. I would definitely stay here again.1749 Wonderful.  I felt at home.  Vadym is a great person became a friend. Very nice place.1750 Great place !1751 A lovely room. Lots of attention to detail. The private bathroom and balcony were a definite plus. Very clean.1752 The place is great. It has very great vibes and is exactly as described. Vadym was an excellent host and very friendly. I couldn’t ask for something better. Muchas gracias!.1753 Vadym was a lovely host . He let us drop off our bags much earlier than our check in ! His flat is sparkling clean and you get your private bathroom and terrace . City center is 2 stops away . And tram station is a minute walk . <br/>Superb!1754 Very good airbnb, the room is hotel comparable and the host is very friendly and has good tips for dublin. The location is also very close to the centre and other important sights, therefore optimal. 10/10 recommend.1755 It was a very nice1756 The place is really clean and beautiful, Vadym is an adorable person who is there at any time to provide anything or any help for your trip, I would totally recommand it.1757 Jose and Vadyms place is the perfect little staycation! Well sized room, super clean. We never met Jose, but Vadym certainly was a super host! Everything was spotlessly clean and there was plenty of cleaning products and anti bac available to help with the current pandemic. Comfortable bed, loads of leaflets about things to do. Easy trip into the centre of Dublin, takes around 12 minutes on the tram to get to the high street. Check in and communication were super easy. Just a really pleasant and fabulous stay! I would definitely recommend. ☺️☺️1758 The stay in their apartment was very good, very tidy and clean. Excellent.1759 The accessibility,  the welcome and the facilities offered  make this a great choice1760 It’s a very nice place to stay!!!1761 Really enjoyed our stay, and Vadym was very friendly. The tips of getting to their place from the airport was very helpful.1762 Great place not too far from the City Centre, very close to Guinness and overall a nice place to stay1763 Loved them and their apartment! It's not far from the city center.. if you can get a reservation, go for it.1764 A very nice flat with a lovely host. I would happily stay here again.1765 We stayed at Jose&Vadym's place for 2.5 weeks during our relocation to Dublin.<br/>The place is fantastically clean and nice, close to Luas and city center.<br/>Vadym is amazing host, helped us with so many things around where to go?, what to do? etc. He makes you feel at home with nice insightful conversations.<br/>The place was regularly cleaned and we could even use kitchen to cook/heat food since due to Covid-19 most of the restaurants did not have dine-in.<br/><br/>Overall great experience and highly recommend.1766 Margaret and Gordon were extremely kind and helpful. The room was cozy and I very much enjoyed staying there!1767 Margaret and Gordon are very friendly and easy to talk to. You feel welcome! And  also the bed - at least mine, which is the only bed I can say something about - was very comfortable! Very important if you ask me. <br/>Also the house is located right between the airport and the city wich is perfect. Not far away from anything. <br/>I can recommend!1768 Margaret and Gordon made me very welcome in their home and were very hospitable throughout the week. They couldn't have been more friendly. The room was smaller than I had expected but it was clean and warm, and the bed was comfortable.1769 Great location for a short stay in Dublin.  Easy access to both the city center and the airport.  Margaret and her husband were very attentive hosts before and during the stay.  The room was a bit smaller than expected but perfectly fine for a short stay.  I would recommend this place.1770 Margaret was so kind and gracious. I felt that I was at home. The best part about using airbnb is the conversations. Every moment in their home I was left feeling  a part of the family. Looking at family photos and sharing history about Ireland. The house is about thirty minutes by bus to the city center. The bus system in Dublin is very easy to use. The house is in a good neighborhood, and is very easy to find. The room is very small, but perfect for a lone traveller like myself. Very clean. Breakfast was wonderful, and filled with loving conversations.  They went above and beyond to help me feel right at home.1771 Margaret and her husband are very nice and friendly people because the y treated me very well. The neiborhood where they live is very quiet and has a perfect comunication with Dublín center. Aldo with the airport.<br/><br/>They made me feel as home1772 Margaret and Gordon were excellent hosts. Extremely friendly and helpful. Room was great and the whole house was clean. I am really impressed on how they are constantly try to satisfy so many different people by having almost anything anyone wants for breakfast. The area was also great, green and city center and airport is really close with a lot of busses. If anyone considers stay with them don't even thing about it. It's cheaper than other b&b in the area and way better. Thank to both of them for the hospitality and the help they provided during my first days in Ireland.1773 Great place and a very nice host, although the bedroom is a little bit small. Nice neighborhood with pubs and restaurants.1774 My visit to Dublin was wonderful, and even better was the Cuffe's residence.  The single bed room was comfortable and clean, perfect for any person traveling on their own.  I felt at home while I was there.  The couple advised me on wonderful places to visit and provided directions to places I had planned.  As a person traveling alone, I found the privacy and safety to reaching beyond my expectations.  The other guests staying at their home were energetic and exciting to speak with.  For the price they have listed, the stay is more than a bargain.  Mr. and Mrs. Cuffe, incase you're reading this, thank you for making my visit so wonderful and providing me assistance to the airport so early in the morning.1775 Well Worth staying over Very Helpful and Friendly highly recommended.1776 Vadym was a lovely lovely host . Highly recommended. The place is great x1777 Excellent location, with lovely cafe and great leisure centre right outside the apartment. Very modern and spotlessly clean apartment with a lovely private bathroom and cute little private balcony. The room was great; smart TV, spacious wardrobe, relatively comfy bed. Vadym was super friendly and helpful.1778 Vadym's a very sweet host. Very welcoming and warm. My wife and I love meeting people and Vadym was an absolute delight to talk to. <br/><br/>Had a very good experience at their home which is beautifully set up. Spotless interiors and very-well equipped bedroom, kitchen and the bathroom. Would definitely the place to couples.1779 Awesome place to stay in Dublin.1780 Nice room not far from the center, easy to reach by tram!Vadym is a very nice, friendly host who was immediately ready to help us.Ideal for short city trip in Dublin!Price quality TOP!1781 We had a great stay! We got to check-in and drop our bags off a bit earlier so we could explore the city without suitcases. The location is good as you can walk everywhere in Dublin. Thank you, Vadym :)1782 Great place. Communication was excellent. Very friendly. Made my stay more enjoyable. Thank you so much.1783 Very well equipped, clean apartment with a beautiful, in a fairly quiet area, just 2 minutes' walk from the tram and about 10 minutes from the city center.Vadym is a listening host, very friendly, responsive and super open!I recommend without hesitation!1784 Very nice and easy going. Lovely stay!1785 Super clean, nicely decorated, the host is very friendly, and the apartment is so great!!1786 Amazing1787 A host charm.Very clean everything, just around the subway, all perfect.Absolutely recommended.I will be back1788 José and Vadym’s apartment is very good.15 mins from the city center, accessible in tram, it is clean and equipped.Vadym is very smiling, kind and welcoming.We recommend :)1789 Fantastic host! Vadym has been really welcoming and even went out of his way to help me! Highly recommended and will book again without a doubt1790 Vadym is a delightful human that is full of life! My partner and I had a great time connecting during our short stay. The place is very clean and is just as described. We would definitely recommend to other city savvy travelers!1791 Vadym is a great host. He was very friendly and the stay was pleasant. We could use the kitchen to make our own dinner, had a private bathroom and a cute room with a balcony.1792 The place was great! Check in was super easy and the hosts were very good communicators. The room and bathroom were very clean and looked just like the pictures!1793 Easy location and great, clean room. Super close to the Guinness experience and fairly easy to get to and from the airport. I only met Vadym but he was lovely and easy to communicate with.1794 Great place. Very clean and good value for money. The tram stop is very close, so it is well connected. Vadym was very helpful and were available to answer questions. Would highly recommend!1795 Being at Joseph and Vadym's was really good. Vadym (Joseph was not that period) was such a nice host and made everything very easy going and the house was so clean and comfortable. The room is not very big, but it is ok. It has a useful wardrobe and a terrace. It is a quite place, no noises at night. <br/>The house is very easily connected to the city center and not far away from it. The neighborhood is not very interesting neither beautiful. It has a supermarket quite close to the house.1796 Super clean and comfortable - easy to access the airport and easy walk into the city (about 30 minutes). Thanks for a nice stay!1797 The listing was true to itself! Jose and Vadym’s apartment was absolutely gorgeous and very comfortable for our two night stay in Dublin. The bathroom was large and the bedroom had plenty of built in shelving (big enough to put two large suitcases in). Overall, it was a great location and only minutes of walking into the city center!1798 Wonderful place to stay while visiting Dublin!  Clean, super-friendly hosts, and convenient to everything - the transit line is practically at the doorstep. It’s within walking distance of the Guinness Storehouse, too, so that was a bonus!!1799 Fantastic apartment with two balconies in a quiet part of  Dublin <br/><br/>Across is a Café with lunch options and real irish breakfast. The tram is 3 minutes away and takes you right into the city wherever you want to go.<br/><br/>Nice bedroom with own balcony.<br/><br/>Beautiful big bathroom. Everything new. We would always go there again.1800 A very friendly, available and also discreet host.A very practical location 15/20 mins from the dublin center in tram.Access to the kitchen and the private bathroom are also very practical.Calm neighborhood .1801 Great communication from the host, clean and comfortable place, located directly by a tram stop.1802 The apartment’s location facilitate my travel very much. Luas tram is just around the corner. I can visit national gallery & museum, Guinness storehouse in just a day. All in all, it’s a good place.1803 Vadym was a wonderful host who gave us lots of good info about Dublin. He was always ready to help when we needed it. Everything a guest would need is easily available.  <br/>The location is somewhat outside the city center, but the nearest tram station is not even two minutes away on foot. There is also a cafe immediately across from the apartment for breakfast.1804 Pleasant stay, flexible and easy check-in thanks to the detailed information provided.Clean room and private bathroom where everything needed was present.You can prepare tea or coffee independently in the kitchen;Although breakfast was not included, in the morning we found delicious hot scones prepared by Vadym.About 25 minutes walk from the center.Highly recommended1805 Vadym was a great host! The room was comfortable and everything was very clean. We weren't in the room/house much, as we were busy sightseeing, but we really enjoyed our stay.1806 Karin truly loves her city and country. It is evident in how she has curated the space as well as how thorough she was with all of materials upon arrival as well (guidebooks, etc readily available in the suite). All basic supplies were provided, DVDs in the hallway and she gave us some good neighborhood tips. The beautiful Georgian details are exactly as pictured and the entire building is well maintained. Only downside is that it's about a 20 min walk to the Temple Bar area but taxis are readily available outside the times we needed them. Easy access to the airport too.1807 This stay at Margaret and Gordon's home was a real treat. The room was cozy, clean and nice. Margaret was a great host, always on disposition for any kind of directions about bus routes, shops and places to eat. This nice room is located in a lovely and safe neighbourhood. The house was spotless. It was also nice to be able to have coffee/tea with my hosts after a long day in the busy city centre.  I would recommend this place and hosts any time!1808 I cannot rave enough about how much I enjoyed my stay with Margaret and Gordon.  From the moment I walked through the door I felt like I was a part of their family.  They made me feel completely at ease with using the space or with just coming downstairs for a good chat.  They are both incredibly helpful and are truly gifted in the art of hospitality.  The room was exactly as described, very cozy and relaxing.  They have a lovely home and keep a very tidy house.  Not far from city center if you use the bus and can buy a bus card just down the road.  I highly recommend booking here for a great experience with amazing people1809 An easy to find, and conveniently located place to stay. We found the apartment very charming. Karin is almost biblical in her knowledge of Dublin and the surrounding area - this was helpful for us northerners who aren't too familiar! We were grateful for the time she spent with us on arrival providing us with information. We were able to keep our car in the back yard during our stay, we could walk to most places in 20 minutes, so we didn't need to worry about parking.<br/>We felt right at home for the short period we stayed, and would definitely look forward to staying again in future.1810 Vadym and Jose are lovely hosts. They took really good care of me, making sure I was comfortable in their home. They made my stay in Dublin special, immediately treating me as a friend and offering great conversation. And Jose makes amazing breakfasts! ;)1811 Jose and Vadym are excellent hosts.1812 A very friendly and friendly couple who try to help you in what may arise, with a well -located house and an unbeatable atmosphere.1813 I had a great stay with Margaret and Gorden! They looked after me and provided lots of craic :) The room was small but lacked for nothing and easy to get the bus to and from town. Thanks guys will be back soon!1814 Nice clean room. Easy to reach from the airport. Direct access to city center by bus. Nice area and friendly hosts1815 I must say that staying at Margaret's house was a fascinating experience. All was clean, the neighbourhood is quiet and easy to go to town by bus.<br/>Pub across the road and a supermarket near made my life easier. So I strongly recommend Margaret and Gordon's house when visiting Dublin.1816 I really enjoyed staying at Margaret's. She and Gordon are really nice people who are always willing to help you if needed. The room is small but cosy. Margaret and Gordon invited me to use the whole house and made me feel comfortable. Moreover, there is a supermarket a few meters away, which is extremly practical. The bus station is not too far either. All in all, I highly recommend staying at Margaret's. You will feel safe and homelike.<br/>1817 I can't say enough wonderful things about the night I spent with Jose and Vadym in Dublin. While I had used Airbnb previously for full apartment rentals, this was my first time renting a private room and I can not imagine a better experience.The apartment itself is lovely and well-kept, and my room was bright and comfortable. The bed and pillows were phenomenally comfortable and I got a much-needed night of rest and relaxation following an eventful Saint Patrick's Day weekend. The apartment is only a 3-minute walk from the nearest tram station, making all of Dublin quickly and easily accessible. As a solo female traveler I felt very safe in their neighborhood and was comfortable my entire time AT&T he apartment.<br/><br/>What really made my experience great, though, was my interaction with Jose and Vadym.  Jose met me the afternoon I arrived and showed me the apartment and keys, which went smoothly as expected. After a full day exploring Dublin and Howth I returned to the apartment to relax and get some sleep, and Vadym invited me to join him and Jose for tea and biscuits. We sat and talked about politics and traveling for quite some time, which was lovely. The next morning Jose offered me breakfast with toast and fruit and fresh berry preserves Vadym had made. My entire time spent in their apartment was lovely and I hope to return again someday!1818 Both Vadym and Jose made me feel very welcome and although I was only there a short time we had some good conversation. The room was tidy, clean and warm and there was nothing more I needed! I would definitely consider staying with them again.1819 It was my first airb&b night and I love it! I agree with all feedbacks done before. Vadym and Jose are really wunderful hosts, they love to have guests and that you can feel! Even the cat was somehow friendly to me ;-))))<br/>The room is... 5 * deluxe with balkony, brandnew Boxspring bed... CLEAN and cozy... <br/>the way to the next Luas/Tram/Strassenbahn/Citytrain is no 2 minutes away..<br/><br/>What to say, I would strongly recommend to stay with them !!!!!1820 I've just stayed for one day with Jose and Vadym but the only thing I can say is that it was a very good experience. This was my first time living with the hosts and both them made me feel so good. I've received a warm welcome, the room was so comfortable and cozy, as I expected, the house (and also the room) was extremely clean and tidy, I've slept really good in that bed, although it's not in the centre of Dublin I went everywhere walking, Guinness Storehouse is really closer, Jose and Vadym told me some good places to visit, to have a lunch, a beer... And "of course" the cake was so good Vadym, however someone told me that the receipe is not yours, so you can also give my regards to the owner of the receipe :-) ... So: 100% recommendable for everybody who wants to Dublin and 100% Perfects Hosts to be with them!1821 Jose & Vadym were awesome host. My husband and I had a very long layover in Dublin and we stayed at there place. It was just has depicted in the pictures. To get from the airport to their place by public transport was very easy and when we needed to find the street as there were similar names was no trouble as the locals were very easy to talk with and assist you.<br/><br/>We loved the area and Jose was very warm and friendly and shared local hot spots for us to visit as we had lityle time to tour.  We plan on visiting again and will most definitely be staying at Jose and Vadym place if dates are available. ..<br/><br/>For a very clean, warm, friendly, easy location access and cost this place checks out at 5 stars.  I loved the bed and slept very well that night. I was very comfortable and felt at home. Thanks again guys and see you soon.<br/><br/>Much regards,  <br/>Maria & Darrick1822 Jose and Vadym were welcoming and made our stay in Dublin interesting and comfortable. The location was great... next to the Luaus... making our travel in and out of the city easy. We recommend all visitors purchase a Leap pass at the airport. Vadym baked a cake in celebration of our football game in Dublin.1823 Jose was the perfect host! He responded promptly to all of my messages, his home was modern & clean, and the photos reflected the bedroom exactly. Not only was our stay comfortable, Jose is extremely personable and made us feel very welcome. When we arrived, he made us tea and even let us use his washer to do laundry because we were in Dublin for an overnight layover before heading back to the States. He also kindly contacted a cab company to arrange our taxi to the airport because we were overcharged by our cab driver from the airport by 20 euros because he could tell we were tourists. <br/><br/>His home is in a perfect location for those who are looking for a neighborhood that is close enough to city center, but is quiet at night to sleep soundly. Just steps away from his apartment is the Fatima stop on the Luas tram line. Fatima is 6 stops away from Jervis, the stop for the Temple Bar area. <br/><br/>My only regret is not staying longer, I would definitely recommend Jose's home for people traveling to Dublin! <br/><br/>1824 Our 1 night stay with Jose and Vadim was fantastic.  Spotlessly clean apartment with comfy bed.  They both made sure it was quiet as we had just flown in from Australia and needed sleep.  Thanks for the great coffee Jose and the friendly atmosphere you both created for us.  I highly recommend anyone to stay here, great location also.  Vicki and Adrian. :-)1825 Myself and my friend had the pleasure of staying at Vadym and José's flat for the St. Patrick's Day holiday. <br/><br/>The flat is in amazing condition, with pristine facilities and amenities. The city center is easily accessible via the Luas tram line. The wifi connection was great, the decor of the house is beautiful (especially one special photograph on the wall of the living room!) and we really felt at home.<br/><br/>Vadym is a  lovely host and made us feel welcome with his positive, friendly demeanor. Unfortunately we did not get the chance to meet José as he was feeling unwell (I hope you get better soon).<br/><br/>All the best in your travels, thank you so much for such a wonderful stay!1826 Margaret and Gordon are very nice and accommodating. They brought me to the bus on the first morning that i was there so i would know where to go. They also made me feel at home in terms of being able to make breakfast every morning if i wanted to. <br/>The room was as described and the neighbourhood was nice and peaceful1827 I spent an entire week at Margaret's. Margaret is a lovely person. She is always asking how are you doing and is always helpful.<br/><br/>I had great time at her house. She allowed me it use everything in her kitchen. I felt at home and I thank her for that.<br/><br/>We had long chats with her and her husband Gordon (he likes to talk a lot, like me) and her friends Simon and Irene. You'll get to know more about Ireland and Irish people and brush up your Dublin accent or your English :)<br/><br/>She offers the breakfast, tea and coffee wich I did not know before arriving. Good surprise :)<br/><br/>The bus top is at 5 minutes walking to the city center. The house is located in between the airport and the city center.<br/><br/>There were others guests in the other rooms from France and Germany and we met up in the big kitchen. It was great.<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>1828 Margaret and Gordon are absolutely lovely and very welcoming and helpful hosts! Room was clean and as advertised, and buses to the city centre came often. Perfect for someone unfamiliar with the area and travelling alone. Margaret and Gordon will answer any questions you have about Dublin, and will help you get around if they can! Thanks so much for the great stay! x1829 I had a great time staying here, the room was as I expected, Margaret and Gordon were very welcoming and always around for a chat. They were very helpful in getting me around Dublin and making sure there were no problems. Would recommend.1830 Margaret and Gordon are absolutely lovely, helpful and very welcoming hosts!<br/>Nice clean and warm room. Easy to reach from the airport, about 15 min. Direct access to city center by bus.<br/>I really enjoyed staying at Margaret's.1831 Due to illness my trip never happened but Margaret was very understanding and hopefully I will get to stay again.1832 The reservation was canceled 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.1833 Margaret and Gordon are very welcoming and helpful hosts.<br/>They always tried to help me anytime when I had questions and I enjoyed my stay with them in their agreable home.1834 Both Margaret and Gordon made me feel very welcome indeed. Very accommodating, always willing to help me look up addresses and numbers, make phone calls for me, even take me to the local botanic gardens, which was way above the call of duty.1835 Margaret and her husband Gordon went out of their way to make sure I was comfortable and felt at home. Highly recommend staying with them.1836 Vadym was very welcoming (Jose was busy at work ). We only got to stay one night with an early flight home next morning. The bedroom and apartment is very nice and clean with good access to downtown on the 122 bus.1837 Vadym and Jose were excellent hosts. Very welcoming and friendly. Even though I was only there for a very short stay, they were so hospitable and made me feel at home. The pictures of the apartment and the room are spot on. Easily accessible to and from the city centre.1838 Honestly, look no further than this gorgeous Georgian mansion. It is quite literally a mecca of grand Irish history and comfort. Karen is the ideal hostess and has attended to every detail with love, care and comfort that truly makes you feel like you are family. Imagine being in heart of Dublin and drifting off to sleep with the glow and crackle of log fire. It was truly amazing. All the linens were crisp and fine and the breakfast items left high quality and delicious. She even had homemade muesli! Karen herself is a wealth of information regarding Irish history and architecture and just the pictures alone in the main hall tell a fascinating story of Ireland. I cannot reccomend this unique, Georgian mansion highly enough with an owner that has a true spirit of generousity and a unassuming heart of gold.1839 I really felt at home.The hosts are very friendly and attentive, they help you in everything even demonstrate a difficult familiarity to find in other places outside Ireland.<br/><br/> The house is clean and you have all the services you need.<br/> Although it is located in a residential area you have very close a supermarket, post office, a bus stop that goes to the center in 15M, it is easy to find a taxi ... and it is a very quiet and safe area.1840 Margaret is an excellent host. She wait for me until I arrived and was very helpful with instructions to go to the city and sightseeings plus the conversation with her was great. I enjoyed my stay there.1541 Teresa was a lovely host and i would very much like to visit again!1542 Cosy, comfortable clean space. We had a lovely time, really appreciated local tips for restaurants and day trips (visiting Howth was great!).1543 Everything was great.Both Teresa and her husband helped us and gave us recommendations.Breakfast included many things, the room was impeccable and the deal was very close.The neighborhood is about 15/20 min from Dublin, but there is bus and tram with good schedule, in addition to the town has a lot of charm.<br/> I highly recommend it.1544 Teresa is a lovely host, she made sure we had everything we needed for our stay. She also accommodated for our late check-in time which was very much appreciated.<br/><br/>On top of all that she also gave us good tips on places to visit whilst in Dublin which were enjoyable.1545 Not far from the center, bus transportation is nearby, supermarket and pharmacy are at 10min walking distance. A really welcoming house, the hosts are friendly and make sure the guests have everything they need :)1546 Expect the unexpected, and enjoy a perfect Irish experience.1547 It was an absolute pleasure to meet and stay with Teresa and Hugh.  Thoughtful touches such as detailed transport options to their home from the airport, sightseeing recommendations, and bottled water in our room were most appreciated.  The complimentary continental style breakfast was an additional bonus.  A true home away from home experience! Thank you Teresa and Hugh.1548 Teresa and her husband were absolutely lovely hosts. Providing breakfast, a warm and clean room and all the necessary amenities. The house is quiet and situated close to the Luas so is perfect for getting around Dublin! Would highly recommend.1549 We enjoyed our stay, the room was comfortable and Teresa was very kind and accommodating. There was a good selection for breakfast and public transport was easily accessible from the house. :)1550 If you are looking for a good place to sleep, this is perfect.There is a bedroom, shared bathroom and kitchen.The breakfast is good, nothing special.Everything is neat and cared for.The landlord is also very friendly and provides information.It takes half an hour to get to the center.This is a great place to sleep for a few days in Dublin.1551 I had a wonderful time at Teresa's house, which is nice and comfy. I felt like at home and they were both very nice. <br/>The neighbourhood is lovely, quiet and you can be rapidly in the city center with the bus or tram. <br/><br/>Thank you both for a wonderful stay!1552 Teresa and her husband were very kind and welcoming. Her husband met me upon my entry and went over everything with me. He gave me a few maps and tips on things to do. The tram and bus stop to get into the city Centre of Dublin are within walking distance. Teresa’s place was a great place to stay near Dublin!1553 Great location, lovely hosts.1554 Teresa (host) helped to sort out another AirBnB for our stay in Dublin due to unforeseen circumstances. Despite the alternative stay costing more, Teresa gladly paid the difference for us and helped in the process.1555 Lovely house near Dublin Center. <br/>Once again thank you for receiving us so late (our plane landed 11.30pm).<br/>We really enjoyed staying at Teresa's e Hugh's place. They are a really nice and helpful couple.1556 My stay in this lovely AirBnB was as good as it gets the landlords are lovely and help you through anything the place is perfect if you are looking for something local yet a bit of a city experience!1557 The stay has been wonderful. The house is very cozy. Everything is very clean and tidy. In the morning having a delicious breakfast looking at the garden is a delightful experience.1558 Our stay at The Holly Cottage was a perfect, relaxing space that was only a 20 minute trip into Dublin. A wonderfully reliable host with great communication and recommendations, who was perfectly hospitable & our stay included breakfast! Loved the room, reliability, cleanliness, and felt greatly suited to the cosy charm of Ireland.1559 Teresa and her husband are the most kind hosts that I ever met! Their place it’s so comfortable, that make the my trip experience even better! I highly recommend them!1560 Teresa and her husband are really kind and friendly. Beautiful and comfortable house only 10 min walking from the LUAS.1561 Great hospitality, very clean, lovely people!<br/>Great Vacation.<br/>Thank you!:)1562 Very cute accommodating couple, very nice area. Nice pub just at the end of the road. House was super cute and very comfortable bed.1563 Very friendly hosts, great cottage with good connections to the city. Always quick responses.1564 very friendly.  clean room, good breakfast choices1565 Teresa and her husband are so amazing! It was wonderful staying with them and hearing all of their recommendations. We would’ve never went to Howth if Teresa hadn’t told us about it and it ended up being one of our favorite places! Definitely recommend staying here! Nice and clean, easy to get to the city. Very close to the bus stop.1566 Very nice and warm welcome. <br/><br/>Scheduling of the bathroom was difficult with overall 5 people in the house.1567 Lovely place with lovely hosts1568 My friend and I had a great stay with Teresa. She is super cool to chat with and the house itself is comfortable and has everything you’d need. It’s also super close to the 14 bus which takes you into the city or wherever you’d want to go in the area. We had a great stay and I highly recommend staying here to get the most out of your Ireland trip.<br/>Ps. Churchtown Stores bar down the road makes some great whiskey sours /cocktails and there are some good coffee shops/restaurants around that aren’t busy like the city.1569 Teresa and her husband welcomed us wonderfully.We recommend without hesitation 👍1570 They can expect a wonderful welcome,1571 Lovely stay, great location.1572 Good location and good room1573 It was lovely staying at Teresa’s. She was incredibly helpful and pleasant to chat with.1574 We had three wonderful days in Dublin at Teresa, the museums and also the wonderful suburb Horth watched ourselves on the coast.1575 Teresa and Hugh are a lovely warm couple who were only too happy to assist with my questions re: holiday in Dublin. <br/>The breakfast was very generous and the bus to city very convenient.<br/>Recommend Holly Cottage to any guests traveling to Dublin.1576 I think it's okay1577 We felt so comfortable in the beautiful cottage.<br/>Teresa is such a lovely and open person who makes you feel at ease right from the start. <br/>You have privacy, feel well taken care of and the interior of the house is beautiful and unique. <br/>We stayed there for 3 nights and can really recommend the accommodation! <br/>Teresa gives good tips on where to go and how best to get somewhere. <br/>The journey into town takes 15-20 minutes by bus, the bus stop is practically right outside the door. We actually really enjoyed the bus ride, the buses are two-storey and you have a great view. Since Churchtown and the way into the city are very beautiful to look at, the ride itself is a little experience. <br/>We were really delighted and would recommend anyone to stay with Teresa.1578 We really enjoyed our time at Teresa’s house. We had everything we needed, the house was just 25 minutes away from the city in a beautiful neighbourhood. Even though the other rooms were also occupied, the house was quiet and comfortable. Teresa and her husband are very lovely people who made us feel at home.1579 Teresa and her husband are charming hosts.We had a warm welcome.They took the time to answer our questions and advise us on visits.There is everything you need for breakfast.The room and the equipment were perfect.1580 Teresa is a golden hostess.She told us by message several days before our arrival several ways to go to her house from the airport and recommended a lot of places to visit during our stay.Once arrived, her husband made us very welcome.In the room there is a dublin plan, brochures and a neighborhood plan to find out how to take the bus or the tram.Everything has been shown and explained to us.Note that it takes about half an hour to go to the city center and that bus 14 remains the best solution.Teresa made sure several times that we spent a good stay and it was very pleasant to chat with her.We will gladly come back !1581 A beautiful gateway to Dublin and Ireland undoubtedly that we highly recommend you except the next 365 days since we have already reserved them :-) (Just a Joke).1582 If you want to discover Dublin while staying in a quiet area, Teresa's lovely place is made for you! It is only 30mn from Dublin center by tram and Teresa will give you some advice to have an agreable stay.1583 We stayed for 4 nights at Teresa & Hugh's Holly cottage.<br/>Teresa & Hugh are a lovely couple. Hugh welcomed us when we arrived, showed us around. Teresa knows all the good stuff, how to best get to certain sights by public transport. <br/>The double room is cosy, the bed comfortable. The bathroom very clean and tidy. The no 14 bus is close by, about 30 min to get to the city centre. Breakfast is more than enough choice, Irish bread, toast bread and preservatives to choose from. <br/>We went to Dublin for the Garth Brooks concert and stayed at Holly cottage for a few days. Both Teresa & Hugh were very friendly and always ready for a chat. <br/>Absolutely worthwhile staying there!1584 Margaret is very helpful and attentive! She and her husband are very nice and always available!! They are generous and very nice host!1585 Margaret and Gordon were fabulous hosts. Really looked after me while I was there. Always willing to help at every opportunity. <br/>1586 A very nice stay with Margaret and her husband. Only to short. Highly recommendable!1587 Our stay in the Georgian Studio met all our requirement and dreams. Karin was very welcoming and she took the time to show us on her map what spots were her favourites and what monuments were not to be missed. Very instructive!<br/>The studio is well decorated, super functional, and well located. We didn't even took the bus to travel in Dublin (only to come and go from the airport). <br/>I would definitely recommend staying at Karin's place!1588 Our stay was great, the apartment was lovely and very nicely equipped.<br/>Karin was a great host and some questions were answered immediately.<br/>The apartment left nothing to be desired and if I happen to visit Dublin again I'd stay there again with no doubt.1589 We had a great time in this lovely studio.<br/>Convenient location, friendly and informative host and delicious provisions helped make it a wonderful short break.1590 I contacted Karin about renting the Very Special Oval Georgian Studio for my daughter and her boyfriend.  She got the trip to Dublin as an 18th birthday present.  Karin got back to me right away and the 5 days were booked!  The couple had a wonderful time.  The studio was so nice they wanted to spend more time there!  They saved money eating breakfast and lunches in the flat.  The flat is very central, about a 10 - 15 min. walk to Temple Bar and easy to get to from the airport by bus.  Karin couldn't be there for their arrival but kindly arranged for someone to meet them.  This was our first time using Air BnB and the whole experience couldn't have been better.  Much nicer and more personal than using a hotel and cheaper as well.  Thank you so much, Karin!  We'll definitely contact you the next time we are in Dublin and will recommend you to friends!1591 It was really nice to stay at Margaret`s house, and they were very helpful hosts. Quiet area and a good bed, so I had a good sleep. Access to the bus to the airport as well as to the city is near. Good trip!1592 The host was really welcoming, they kept asking if everything was alright. All in all, I am pretty pleased with my stay. I had a great time, all the family were really friendly and hepful. They let us do more or less what we wanted but never losing respect for us.<br/>I fell good, there was no noise in the room. The first day, unforgettable!!  It was a lovely day because her husband, open-minded people and a fabulous greeter, showed me the Dublin city centre by car. <br/>Same thing with the last day, he accompanied me to the airport.<br/>With that, I will close the post that living with an Irish host offers friendship and the unique daily experience of improving English.<br/>Thank you for all and i recommend this house.1593 I had 4 lovely days in Margaret's and Gorden's house. They were very helpful host. The area is very quite and nice. The bus to the airport as well as to the city is near. That is very comfortable. I will gladly come back!1594 I liked my stay. Margaret was very nice (she came by car to pick me up at the bus station, offered me breakfast, etc.). The room is small but the house lovely. 20 minutes by bus from city centre and also from the airport.<br/>1595 Margaret was a good host . I felt like home. I had nice conversations sharing a the.The bus to the airport as well as to the city is near.comunicated by bus. I recomend the place ,The room was pretty cozy and comfortable to stay with wifi connection. I liked the breakfast and dining area too.  <br/>Thank you Margaret and Gordon! See you soon.1596 I had a great time while staying with Margret and Gordon. Both were gracious host. They made it easy on me for navigating the city and were kind to give me a ride to the bus station. I look forward to our next visit!1597 Our stay at Karin's was delightful.  She is very knowledgeable about Dublin and the best places to visit.  The room is comfortable and cozy and everything was clean.  The beds were comfortable, even the hide away bed! We didn't make use of the fireplace, but would have if it had been a bit cooler.  Karin treated us to soda bread and some breakfast items when we arrived.  The historic house is exquisite- it feels like you've stepped back in time.  We didn't cook very much, but a cup of tea, some biscuits and an Irish movie from Karin's collection was a great way to end a long day of touristing and shopping.  The surrounding area was a bit dodgy at night, but it was refreshing to see a real neighbourhood and its people and not a tourist trap.  I would definitely go back.1598 Karin was remarkably kind and accommodating for our ever changing schedule. The apartment is beautiful, and I will we could have made even better use of it!1599 The apartment is very comfortable and clean. We enjoyed every evening by the fireplace. Excellent location, right in the center of town. Karin is a very good host, always ready to help. <br/><br/>I recommend to everyone. <br/><br/>Livia1600 We had a great time in Dublin and a big part of that thanks to the thoughtful and detailed suggestions of Karin!  She even provided us maps, personal recommendations and a list of very useful information regarding the city.  <br/>The flat is great, the kitchen is very well equipped and we definitely felt at home (if our home were fancy!).  <br/>The location is not in the middle of the action, but it is within walking distance from everything we wanted (and had time) to visit.  <br/>The only setback we had was the fact that wifi went down during the whole period of our stay.  Even so, Karin was nice enough to offer us her personal iPad with a 3g connection so we could check emails and sort issues related to the ongoing trip.<br/>We would definitely stay there again.1601 Karin was a wonderful host, and the apartment was amazing. Having had to start our vacation a day later due to difficulties with our airline connections, Karin gave us some great advice that helped us re-prioritize our tourism agenda for the shorter stay. There were some great snacks left for us, as promised in the listing.<br/><br/>It was lovely to stay in what seemed like an actual neighborhood where people lived, and yet to be more or less walking distance to city center (we chose to take the 20 minute walk, though buses were available).<br/><br/>This was a great way to visit Dublin. Thanks, Karin!1602 Wonderful accommodation, I would definately recommend this to everyone, especially if you're interested in historical buildings. Karin is very friendly & helpful and has much to tell about Dublin. It was also very nice that there was some breakfast already there for us to see us through the first morning.1603 Karin is a fantastic host and the Georgian studio we stayed in was lovely. Karin is thoroughly knowledgeable about Dublin and it's environs and provided many great tips for exploring the city. The kitchen is fully outfitted and was stocked with bread, eggs, cheese and other breakfast items.1604 Karin is the perfect host and the apartment is amazing. Karin gave us some very useful tips about places to visit and restaurants not to miss and we were very happy to follow her cultural and food recommendations ! The apartment is very clean, very well equipped, and comfortable. It is in a quiet environment out of the crowd but in a short walking distance from the heart of the city. When we arrived there was some eggs, yogurt and orange juice as a starter kit: very nice and useful ! Thank you Karin ! I definitely recommend Karin and her place to stay in Dublin.1605 Karin was an excellent host.  Our stay in Dublin was wonderful.  The location of the flat was very convenient and the accomodations were just as expected.  The flat was very clean and bright.  Karin made sure we had everything we needed and we really appreciated her helping us out with laundry.  Best Airbnb we have used so far!1606 We had a wonderful 3 day stay with Karin. Beautiful charming and comfortable accommodations. Karin also provided the perfect recommendations for what to see and not see in Dublin and beyond. Highly recommend!!1607 The apartment and area were exactly as the poster described. Everything is within walking distance. Karen was such a gracious host. She showed us around the flat and gave us a good list of stores and things to do around Dublin. She was a real help and a very kind host. I would definetly recommend this flat to others!1608 Nice place to stay; it truly is within walking distance to downtown Dublin where one can experience night life at Temple Bar, catch the Hop On Hop Off bus or the other tour buses offered for touring Dublin.  We used a taxi once, late in the evening, but other than that we walked.  Very close to Dublin Airport and it was quite easy to get a taxi right out the front door the morning we left. <br/>The quarters are small, but you are only using it to sleep in and maybe fix a light breakfast and snack.  The kitchen is very functional with all the dishes one needs.  We were a group of three adults, my husband, myself and our adult daughter; it was almost too cozy so I wouldn't recommend more than two.  Linens were all clean, however, it would have been nice to have a change of clean towels at least once.  <br/>We showed up a half hour earlier than we originally which we could sense kind of frazzled the host so maybe show up as scheduled!  Upon arrival our host provided eggs, orange juice, milk, yogurt and some condiments to get you on your way the first day.  There are grocery stores near by or just dine out.  <br/>Over all this is a nice place to stay and I would recommend it to anyone wanting to experience Dublin.1609 The Oval Georgian Studio was perfect for our short stay in Dublin. Karin gave us detailed instructions on how to take the bus from the airport and had all kinds of Dublin information at the studio. We appreciated she left a few things in the fridge for our breakfast. We walked everywhere from the studio and were delighted to find the James Joyce Center just three blocks away where we saw a stunning exhibition of post-war photos by Lee Miller of James Joyce's Dublin.1610 We had a great 3 nights at Karin's. It was lovely and beautiful and comfortable. We were a short walk from the main drag and could walk easily to temple bar, trinity college etc - we even had a lovely jog to and in Phoenix park and back. The apartment itself had all you would need. It was clean and we'll furnished, had big windows,  a nice kitchen, a cool fire place, lots of dvds, a loft bed. Karin and her neice were great hosts. Overall a great stay!1611 Our stay in Dublin in Karin's Georgian studio was wonderful. Karin is a gracious, welcoming, and informative host. The location of the studio is in a quite neighborhood close to the heart of the city but not in the most crowded and noisy  parts of Dublin. The apartment is lovely. The kitchen is modern and well equipped if you like to cook you will find Karin's place perfect. My husband and I would definately stay with Karin again.<br/>Margee Bright Ragland1612 This was our first trip to Ireland, what a beautiful country.  Dublin was great with wonderful history, shops and restaurants. The people were fantastic and so friendly. Dublin is a fairly easy city to get around in. Our host Karin was more like a friend than someone we just met. She loves Dublin and is very knowledgable about her city. The apartment was wonderful. It is so nice when you are traveling to have a place that is cozy and inviting at the end of a long sightseeing day. Karin was always helpful with anything that we needed. I would recommend her apartment very highly and would definitely recommend her to anyone I know visiting the Dublin area.1613 Very nice host, beautiful and cozy apartment with fireplace, well-equipped kitchen, stero system and DVD selection!1614 My boyfriend and I stayed here on our recent trip to Dublin and it was a great apartment for us.  Great location, easy to get to from the airport, many restaurants/bars in the area, close to the tram, and many sights are walkable.  Karin was great and provided us with lots of local information about sights, food and drink.  The place was tidy, neat, and clean.  We were provided with a bowl of fruit and some staples in the fridge.1615 This is a beautiful apartment with a very flexible, informative, and accommodating host.  Located about a 20 minute walk from temple bar and 10 minutes to the museum and post office.  The late 1700s architecture and uniqueness of the living space was the perfect way to cap off our Irish Adventure.  Apartment was clean, secure, and well organized. Karin also supplied plenty of maps, tourist information, and recommendations on where to eat/what to see that proved very helpful.1616 We loved this place! Karin was so welcoming and so helpful about places to go in Dublin. Her advice about places to visit and eat were invaluable and only added to our great time in Dublin.<br/>The apartment is full of character and it was a real treat to stay in such a historic gem. As an architect I really appreciate staying in such a magnificent georgian building, but can see no reason why an person wouldn't love this place!1617 We spent 12 days in Karin's apartment and we  enjoyed a lot staying there. We enjoyed it for the good location and also for the beautiful way it is furnished and equipped. Moreover  being in Georgian building adds something to your Dublin experience.   Not to mention the kindness of Karin who is always ready to give information and suggestions, to answer your questions and doing so she contributes to make your sojourn in Dublin a very pleasant and interesting experience. <br/><br/><br/>1618 Very nice and comfortable accommodation!1619 Cosy, quiet, clean, conveniently located, reasonably priced, attuned host; what more could you want? Great decor, guys.1620 Super clean room with balcony, great bed and really nice to have our own bathroom and access to kitchen. Would recommend :)1621 Apartment and host just perfect.Go with your eyes closed.Ideal to enjoy Dublin.1622 This is an excellent shared space. Hosts are very helpful. Great location near Dublin city tram (luas) and Guiness Brewery. Cleanliness at high standards.1623 Very quiet place, slightly out of hand on foot but very well served with the vehicles. <br/> welcoming and very clean house with the hosts really discreet and kind1624 As a Single, Senior, Female traveler, I am very particular where I stay and with whom. I can honestly say that staying with Vadym and Jose has been this time, as well as the last 5 times been part of the best experiences I have had in Ireland. The location is great for getting around the city and connecting with places outside the city using public transportation. The apartment is lovely, comfortable, very clean and welcoming. They work hard to make sure their guests have everything they need. I would recommend them to any of my family or friends.1625 Very clean apartment with a private bathroom, in a very quiet Dublin district near the tram.Host of a very appreciable kindness and availability. <br/> We recommend this address for a successful stay in Dublin.1626 Thank you for a great trip to Dublin!1627 Warm hospitality, kindness and respect to  guests.<br/>Nice flat, a private bathroom and free access to all equipments.1628 Very clean apartment, very friendly host, modern and tastefully decorated. Only a few meters to the luas station. Very quiet location, as room with balcony aligned to the courtyard. Gladly again.1629 The place was clean, very comfortable (slept like a baby) and well connected to the city. Had no trouble getting around or to the airport. Vadym was very very friendly and helpful (Jose was in Spain during my stay). It had everything I needed and made me feel right at home. For this price a true jewel.1630 Very very nice home, owner is more than friendly and everything is clean and tidy. Perfect1631 Exactly like in the photo.Everything well arranged1632 We highly recommend Jose $ Vadym’s Air BnB. They provide a very clean, safe and convenient to all touristic destinations.1633 The accommodation at Jose & Vadym was perfect for an entertaining trip to Dublin.We were on site for a total of 3 days and everything fit very well.The check in worked smoothly and when we arrived at the top of the apartment, further agreements with Vadym very friendly.<br/> You sleep in an extra room and have the spacious bathroom at your disposal. <br/> Thank you very much Vadym!1634 Fabulous hosts in a lovely, well kept apartment. Really close to a tram stop.<br/>We would highly recommend this AirBnB.1635 We had 3 nights staying in Jose and Vadym’s apartment meeting both of them while we were there. The place is exactly as the photos show and while a little away from main city centre it is so easy with luas only a minute away and the leap visitor card was good value (we purchased the 72hr for €19.50).  It was an easy 10 min walk to Guinness Storehouse and the arch cafe is just across from apartment for a good value for money breakfast (€3.50 huge bowl of porridge). The apartment was very quiet so we slept well and very informative information on their profile for public transportation etc which was all accurate.1636 Jose and Vadym were very welcoming and accommodating. The apartment is very updated and is as clean as a hotel room. The place is very close to public transportation and is located in a safe neighborhood. Would definitely stay again!1637 Nice host, and lovely apartment.1638 Wonderful hosts, fantastic location and a great place to stay. I would definitely recommend to others.1639 Great location, right next to the tram stop and guiness factory for stop at hop on hop off bus. Great communication from Vadym throughout and very welcoming as well. Place was spotless and the balcony was a fab little extra.1640 We had really awesome time and felt welcome for the whole stay. Vadym and Jose are the kindest hosts and their cat Linda is a beautiful lady! Clean, cozy, comfortable, great location (super easy to get to the centre) - perfect place to stay in Dublin :)1641 We could not expect a better welcome from our host, Vadym, who not only spoke great English, he also spoke out mother tongue! He gave us excellent recommendations for meals and places to visit and the house was sparkling clean! He was a true sweetheart and we're definitely staying with him when we come back to Dublin!1642 We had a great stay in this accommodation.Vadym is a great host and leaves his guests totally comfortable.The facilities are very good and the cozy room with a very pleasant small balcony.There is a stop of the electric very close to the house and a coffee in front where you can have a bo1643 We had a great stay in Dublin here! We only met Vadym but he was very helpful in making sure we found the place and giving us everything we needed. Easy access to the Luas right outside the apartment. Highly recommend!1644 A lovely space, very clean and tidy.  A short walk from the city centre and right next to a tram stop. Really generous hosts who offer good recommendations and information about the area and sights of Dublin. Great communication and really helpful.  It was a really super stay.1645 Vadym was an extremely courteous, kind and helpful host, ready to meet all our requests.The apartment is very clean and tidy and the kitchen has all the small appliances needed to prepare a good breakfast.The city center can be reached with great ease and the information that appears on the site, combined with those provided directly by Vadym, make everything decidedly simple and fast.Vadym welcomed us with youth and being able to have a chat with him was really pleasant, he made our stay in Dublin even more pleasant.Thanks Vadym!1646 Very good very clean anfry1647 Vadym and Jose's home was lovely, and so was Vadym. <br/>I really enjoyed my stay there (check out the art, it was stunning) and I hope to visit again. I appreciated all the little touches (usb charger) and how comfortable everything was.<br/><br/>Note: I had to take a taxi because the LUAS didn't operate in the early morning of Saturday, so check your travel times before you book. Taxi fare ran me about 30 euros for a 5:45am pick up. <br/>Otherwise, it should be an easy trip via the 747 airport bus and then the place itself is very close to the LUAS station. <br/>Note the check-in time is stated as 5pm, so bear that in mind!1648 Vadym is a wonderful host. Very considerate and so welcoming. The apartment is spotlessly clean, private and very stylish. The kitchen had all you could want and the bathroom is for your sole use. Close to public transport and some of Dublin’s best sites.1649 Jose and Vadym’s place exceeded all of our expectations. It was a 2 minute walk to the LUAS station (Fatima) and that helped us a great deal, as my husband is currently on the mend from a broken leg. The room and apartment was sparkling clean and very stylish, yet very warm and inviting. We felt right at home and even enjoyed coffee on our private balcony. I would highly recommend staying with Jose and Vadym during your stay in Dublin. We enjoyed it so, so much!!1650 We had a very good stay with Vadym.Very clean accommodation.1651 The apartment is well connected to public transport. In addition the apartment ist very clean. <br/>The two guys are great hosts and give great tips for our stay in Dublin. Thanks a lot :)1652 Highly recommended once you get your bearings. It’s a close walk to the Guinness Brewery.1653 Very nice and stylish apartment. The directions were perfect, Vadym met us and gave us some good tips for the city. The apartment is immaculately clean and the neighborhood is quiet! It is about a 20-35 minute walk into town center, but take the tram, it is worth it, so convenient.<br/><br/>Another tip, while Dublin is lovely, we particularly loved getting out a bit. Malahide Castle and the town near it are a quick and affordable Dart ride out of town (so is Howth), and you get to see and smell the sea before tucking into a cozy pub.1654 Great room with a clean, large bathroom!Vadym is a great host and you immediately feel welcome.Little things such as umbrellas and socket adapters were also considered.The location of the apartment is right at the Luas station and you are in the center in a few minutes.We would love to come back!1655 Very friendly and welcoming host :-)1656 We had a lovely stay and Vadym was very welcoming. Good communication for arrival and the location of the apartment is very easy to get to. Thanks for making things easier and letting us leave our luggage later than normal.1657 Perfect, very nice welcome and good location.1658 Margaret is a great anfitrion, the room is same the picture, clean and perfect to stay a few days for visit Dublin, The breakfast is varied and Margaret is very attent with all guest and always have a nice words with the tourists, Margaret now is me new friend1659 nice room1660 Thank you! It was a nice Trip. <br/>Vadym was very nice and we felt comfortable. Everthing went well.1661 Great place for my fiancé and I to stay while in Ireland for a week! The place was so clean and tidy, super close to the tram line, and the host was so welcoming and gave us some great city tips. This is a perfect place to sleep if you’re wanting to stay in a quieter area instead of downtown.1662 A lovely warm and homely place to stay with style and immaculately presented throughout. Bed very comfortable. Vadym was very polite, friendly and hospitable. On my way to work he left fresh filter coffee for me in the kitchen, was much needed. This little thoughtful touch made such a difference to my stay. Highly recommend this place!1663 Lovely host. The apartment was just as advertised and a good location.1664 We had a great stay at Jose and Vadym’s Airbnb! The apartment is very clean and modern and is in a good location close to the Guinness storehouse as well as other bars, restaurants, grocery stores, etc. definitely recommend!1665 It was just like the pictures and really clean. They provided everything I needed and more, and it was a generally pleasant experience, the host were so nice and welcoming !!1666 Great place to stay!1667 Karin is the greatest host - so much information and suggestions, lovely apartment, well stocked kitchen.  We just followed the map for Dublin she have us with all her favorite locations highlighted and that was our trip - done, perfect.  The pictures are just what you'll find when you arrive, the location very convenient to the Airlink bus from the airport and within walking distance of most everything.  We'll be back.1668 Karin was a fabulous host. This little apartment was perfect for my friend and I as we spent a few days in Dublin. Karin greeted us warmly on arrival and took us through a thorough run through of the town - where to eat, where to shop and where to visit. It's about a 10 min walk from everything you need and we walked our way around the whole town. Karin was extremely helpful when we left and wanted advice on driving up to Belfast! I would definitely recommend staying here when coming to Dublin!1669 We had a very nice stay in Karin's beautiful studio.Everything can be seen as described and in the pictures.Everything that you need was available in the apartment, you felt at home.On our arrival, Karin took a lot of time to explain everything and show us on the city map, which might be interested.So we were well prepared to explore Dublin.In the morning I particularly liked to sit at the table in front of the large window and watch what's going on on Dublin's Standen.We'll be back!Thank you, Karin!1670 Karin was a great host, very welcoming and provided us with more than enough info about Dublin where to eat and shop etc. The room is accurately described and has the perfect amount of amenities. the studio is within walking distance the main hub of dublin and easy enough for the airport and local taxis. The neighbourhood is great but was a little noisy over the weekend period. A fantatic place to stay for the end of our holiday. Karin also left a small amount of groceries in the fridge which was very helpful.1671 Karin's Georgian flat is one of the most beautiful places we've ever stayed! It's incredibly cozy and is exactly as it appears in the pictures. It's just a 20-minute taxi ride from the airport and an easy 20-minute walk from most of the major sights in Dublin. Karin is brimming with knowledge and passion about Dublin and gave us a very insightful overview of the city's history, restaurants, and attractions. We'd recommend this place to anyone!1672 Karin was an absolutely fantastic host, just like all the other reviews had said!! She was there to greet us when we arrived and gave us a quick overview of the city, including places we should definitely see, and recommendations of places to eat and grab a drink.  All of her recommendations were spot on and places we may not have stopped at, but certainly glad we did!!! Karin's building and apartment were beautiful and clean, and you can tell that she takes great pride in her city and her space. I would definitely recommend Karin as a host!!! You don't get much better than her :)1673 Lovely apartment and beautiful building. Great location, tons of helpful tips from Karin to help you make the most of your visit to Dublin.1674 I was there for 1 months and it was really great thanks to Margaret and Gordon. They were very friendly and helpful. Moreover, you can use the kitchen and the washing machine as you wish with no extra fees. I strongly recommend these hosts.1675 Margaret and Gordon are a credit to Irish hospitality! One of the best host experiences I've had. Margaret is quite used to having travelers over, and hosting students. Location is a bit of a distance out but not a problem at all if the buses are running as there's a stop just round the corner. Supermarket just 2 minutes away.1676 Margaret is a talkative and warm woman who is obviously accustomed to having people stay at her house. She went above and beyond, in my opinion, as far as feeding me, and was generous to do my laundry the first day. Overall, the room is a great value, and is as advertised: very small (fine by me) with a comfortable bed. <br/><br/>Location-wise, I found it took me about 25-30 mins to get to the city center if I timed it correctly with bus schedules, although that could be much higher in rush hour.1677 I stayed at Margaret's house a week in August. Really enjoyed my time there, Margaret and Gordon are such a nice couple, positive, open-minded, sociable, always willing to help or give a good piece of advice, the house itself is nice, tidy, well decorated in Irish style) I wish them all the best, kind regards.<br/>Anna1678 Margaret and Gordon are two lovely people with a great house in a good part of Santry/Beaumont.  Plenty of busses available nearby (walking to city centre is a hike, about an hour, which is fine for nutters like me but normal folks should take the easy busses!)  Very accommodating, cozy room, comfy bed, nice people, what more could you be wanting?  Great experience, would definitely recommend.1679 The hosting couple were very welcoming, nice and accommodating. Though I could not stay there for long as I got to move closer to my University, I would really recommend others to use this place.  The room is bright and airy, suitable for a single person and has enough space for storing your luggage for short holidays as well.1680 The room is clean and organized . The neighborhood is very safe , there is public transport on the corner to most places of dublin . Margaret and Gordon are the best hosts you can have. They are very friendly , caring and<br/>they enjoy meeting new people. I had a very nice time at her house. I would certainly recommend this room to anyone . Thanks for everything, Margaret and Gordon!1681 Margaret and Gordon are very nice and caring hosts. They assisted me a lot with finding the right bus and getting around town. Both of them were always there to lend a helping hand and to have a nice chat. <br/>1682 Karin was very helpful with lots of information, a map and some advice. The location was handy to a rental car, which we needed later, but it was not that close to many things we wanted to see or do. We did expect to walk quite a lot but we ended up getting a cab now and then, which was fine. The main concern we had was that the steps to the loft are steep and we get up in the night. A nightlight would be helpful as the stairs are a bit precarious.1683 Everything is as described. Karin is a very friendly host, the apartment is very nice, close to public transportation, shops and O'Connell Street! 100% recommended!1684 The apartment is just as wonderful as the pictures suggest. We were completely blown away by the amount of effort Karen had put in to make this space as comfortable and as relaxing as possible. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend. Brimming with personality and charm. <br/><br/>Side note: do make sure you know exactly when you will be arriving as Karen has a very busy schedule and this can lead to a rather unpleasant welcome if you are late. Sorry again, Karen!1685 What a great place. Couldn't be easier from the airport. Bus to the door. Easy to walk to everywhere in dublin. The flat was lovely and Karin is a lovely host clearly passionate about the building and dublin. Everything you need to have a great stay.1686 If you're desiring, as was I, a classic and refined Dublin experience, then Karin's Oval Georgian will prove very special indeed. Unlike some rentals, the photos perfectly and realistically capture this lovely apartment. My three-night stay couldn't have proven more comfortable or welcoming: from Karin's fine introduction to the many key sites of this historically and culturally rich city, the well-supplied pantry (didn't need to go the store for morning staples),  and very comfortable bedding - all of it just the right amount and touch. I was glad to not be in the thick of the city and found I could be most anywhere in 15-20 minutes. Also, more taxis in Dublin than my own native NYC! This rental proves yet again why Airbnb is such a wonderful option and opportunity.1687 We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this Georgian studio.  As others have reported, the flat is in every way as beautiful as the photographs suggest.  The common areas are restful and strikingly appointed, competing with any high-end boutique hotel.   Karin is a very knowledgeable, helpful host.  Good kitchen, fine bedding and a fabulous fireplace. The location is excellent.  We will carry with us terrific memories of our time there. We recommend without qualification.1688 Beautiful flat. Very cozy and comfortable. Well equipped. We enjoyed out stay!1689 The Special Georgian Flat was a lovely place to stay during our visit to Dublin. The space is beautiful and the location is very walkable to the main parts of town like Temple Bar and O'Connell St. The neighborhood leaves something to be desired, but the local shop is run by very nice people and has all of the necessities.<br/><br/>We got off on the wrong foot with Karen as we arrived 30 minutes before we had previously agreed to meet to drop off our bags. She was not happy with us, but very accommodating as she made the apartment ready for us to take immediately. We were so grateful for that as we'd be traveling for 14 hours and our check in wasn't for another 6.<br/><br/>When we ran into her later she was very kind and informative. <br/><br/>We would love to recommend this place for anyone who is staying in Dublin.1690 Margaret and Gordon where amazing hosts. There house is warm and welcoming. As soon as you walk in the door it's like you are home. I had a single room and it was exactly as the pictures said, and had a tv which was a great bonus. They let me extend my stay and it was no trouble for them. As a solo female traveler there house was in a safe area and I had no trouble getting the bus into town. Thank you for the lovely stay!1691 I was warmly welcomed and the apartment corresponded to the pictures.It is very comfortably furnished and I felt at home.Karin is a great host.She tried very hard that I lack nothing.The historical beautifully preserved house is located near the city center and is easy to reach on foot in a few minutes or also has good bus connections.1692 Very well organised pick up of keys, via a neighbor, as Karin had explained she was out around the time we were arriving. House (and the Studio) is amazing and lovely ! It is just as the photos. Neighborhood is a mixture of great houses on the square and the nearby less attractive areas, as you walk into town (an easy 10 minutes). We were soon back in touch with our hostess, who arrived with a bowl of fresh fruit to add to the other goodies left for us in the studio. We even had a nice cup of tea and chat together the day we left, very hospitable ! Accommodation was very comfortable. Couldn't ask for more. Hoping to go back before too long !1693 We were both delighted with the accommodation.  Karin's description of the self contained apartment was completely accurate. The apartment had that unusual combination of being homely and elegant at the same time.  A comfortable place to stay. Her very detailed itinerary covered all we needed to know about our visit to Dublin. Whilst not wishing to criticize some other airbnb's , we preferred the absence of the host's personal belongings cluttering the place up; on the other hand there will be others who like it that way. <br/><br/>Karen gave us a warm welcome  when we arrived and popped in 2 or 3 times during our 4 day stay which was just the right balance for us. <br/><br/>We found the neighbourhood OK, the shopkeepers friendly and the location within easy walking distance of the City Centre.<br/><br/>A most enjoyable stay. Hope to come again.1694 Very nice and comfortable place, I can only suggest . I hope I will have chance to see more of this beautiful city1695 Margaret is very kind... gave me informations and helped me always when I asked for. The room is very comfortable. A really nice place to stay over. Hope to come back!1696 it was wonderful experience  to enjoy the warm hospitality of Margaret and Gordon , so willing to make you feel at home very fast . the house is nice , strategically located 20 minute from the center from Dublin, public transport works properly even during bank holiday time. Room is cosy and quiet  just perfect for releasing from the stress after hard work. I could enjoy the garden beside the season , I cannot imagine how beautiful has to be in summer chilling out with a glass of wine . But again the golden part of this house are them : 2 persons just so easy going and in love for life and people, surely a place to recommend to everyone and no question : looking forward to be back again .1697 I had an absolutely lovely time staying with Margaret! Her family took such great care of me. Her home is in a quiet neighborhood about halfway between the airport and downtown. Getting to either was super easy via bus. There's a supermarket across the street, so I was able to pick up whatever I needed without any trouble. I had a wonderful trip, and will certainly visit again when I'm coming back through Dublin.1698 Margaret and her husband were very welcoming and friendly. Nice clean house and good parking space.Ideal if you have your own car and want to have Dublin as your base.1699 The best air bnb that I ever was ! Margaret & Gordon took care of me the whole time, their such lovely and heartwarming persons !!! Great room, good area and a caring host family what else do you need ?! :)1700 Margaret and her husband Gordon are lovely people. Although the Shantalla Centra bus stop on the #16 airport bus is only a few minutes walk from Margaret's place, she took the time and picked me up in her car as I walked there. She also did my wash and invited me to Sunday dinner. The room is small, but bright with a big window, and has a comfortable bed. She includes a breakfast--cereal and toast, tea and coffee--too. I really enjoyed my two days there. I recommend it highly.1701 Margaret and her husband are great hosts. Very polite, clean and helpful. The room size is OK and the transport is nearby. Definitely recommending this one.1702 Dear Margaret, thank you for everything. You are so nice and friendly. <br/>Thanks to Gordon papa, too. He is really a nice guy! The room is comfortable and warm, just like live in my own house. thank you again, my Ireland mother and Ireland papa (Website hidden by Airbnb) JoAnne1703 Karin was a great host, the flat was superbly comfortable and in a great location for a leisurely stroll to the centre of the city. We will definitely be back to this flat when we come back to Dublin and will be telling all of our friends to do the same!! Thankyou Karin!<br/><br/>1704 Jose & Vadym's home was wonderful! It was very comfortable, centrally located, quiet, clean and pike "home away from home". They were great hosts and were always willing to help with ideas or suggestions. I would highly recommend their place to anyone.1705 Wonderful location, free parking and amazing hospitality! What more could we ask for? Thank you for your kindness and love. We do hope our paths cross again sometime in the future. 😊1706 we had a great time. Very close to a tram, therefore city centre was close1707 Vladym is a perfect host. The Airbnb was nice, clean and just 15 tramminutes from the centre. A perfect accomodation for a stay at Dublin.1708 Great Host! Very helpful with everything. Location was great for train transport and easy to get to from airport using directions provided. Quiet part of town.1709 Vadym was an excellent host, even accommodating our (extremely) delayed flight and very late check in! He waited up and gave us detailed directions for how to reach his place from the airport. The flat was in a really quiet neighborhood, but just a 2 minute walk to the tram and then a 10 minute ride to reach downtown. <br/>The bed was super comfy!<br/>Highly recommend Vadym’s place!1710 A spotlessly clean apartment.1711 Vadym was extremely helpful- we arrived in Dublin before check in and Vadym had communicated to say we could access earlier which was great! Communication for Vadym and Jose was exceptional- very quick and helpful!<br/>The apartment is lovely, great private bathroom and bedroom is a good size for what you need!<br/>The location to the tram is excellent- or a walk into town is nice as we did as you can take in a lot of main attractions on your way such as Dublinia, Guinness factory, etc. We felt really comfortable for the night we stayed. Definitely good value for money for a Dublin stay!1712 All ok!1713 I really enjoy staying at Jose&Vadym's place, the room is really clean and comfortable, we didn't had problems to arrive and it is very near the public transport (if you are afraid to walk alone in the night you just take the tram and it leaves you some steps away from the apartment)<br/> Highly recommended!!1714 Beautiful accommodation!Every detail is impeccable.Jose and Vadym, are super predisposed, answered quickly and gave us super useful advice.The floor is impeccable, all clean and tidy.The location is very good (located a few blocks from the Guinness Factory) and about 30 min in Tram of the Temple Bar's central area. Super recommended!1715 Clean environment, pleasant and easily accessible to the entire region of Dublin.1716 This is such a great find. It was super close to the tram which helped us get into town so quickly. For tourists who want to do the Guinness tour, it is just a stone's throw away so that was very handy. Vadym was so lovely and super hospitable and we had the best time. The apartment was so very clean, and it is quiet enough to get an early night when needed. Couldn't have found better :)1717 Comfortable stay1718 The apartament is perfect, it has everything and more that we need.<br/><br/>Jose and Vadym are very kind and confortable with us , they give to us a lot of information about Dublin.<br/><br/>Im sure i recommend this place.1719 Lovely, clean, spacious apartment in an ideal location. Would book again.1720 We only met Vadym who was a fabulous host and was very welcoming and was available to help with transport information. Our trip was excellent only downside was the rugby score but Ireland would be happy.Thankyou Vadym and Dublin for your hospitality1721 Enough space in the room, comfy bed and clean bathroom1722 A modern bright and airy flat with an unobtrusive but very helpful landlord. Enjoyed staying in his flat1723 Very clean, comfortable and convenient. Good communication and a pleasant and welcoming host. Very happy to recommend. Thanks guys!1724 Vadym is a great host! The place was extremely clean and in a perfect location. My girlfriend and I had a great visit while staying at their home. He gave us great advice on different attractions to check out in the city too. Definitely a 5 star experience!1725 Margaret and Gordon are very nice and friendly.1726 We had a great stay at this Georgian studio!  Karin was extremely welcoming and made all the logistics easy.  We would definitely stay there again!1727 We had an amazing week in Dublin. Thanks a lot Karin for all. The studio was perfect (like the pictures) and the fireplace ... so romantic.1728 Had a wonderful time in a beautiful unique space. Karin has created a fabulous place to visit and spend time. She was a lovely considerate host and would gladly stay there again.1729 Very nice place. Great experienced host who knows Dublin very well and is helpful in orienting you. Perfect for 2 people, clean and beautifully restored.1730 I haven't actually met Karin but I was welcomed by someone else who was very nice and helpful. She explained about locking the front door when going out and gave me a map of central Dublin, highlighting the main places for shopping and tourist attractions. I wasn't shown how to use the boiler to put the heating and the water on, but to be fair it's not rocket science. I figured it out and I am sure someone would have been available if I had gone to the flat upstairs to ask for help. <br/>The studio is fabulous! Loved staying in it. It is really close to O'Connell Street where the hop on/off buses go from and the Airlink bus to the airport is just down the road. It is a really good location for anyone wanting to walk to the main touristic places. It is on the busy Gardiner Street but this particular studio has the window on the quieter side street. I am used to no noise at all at night so I was woken up by the light night traffic, but that's because I am a light sleeper. It is located in a popular area,  but as soon as you step inside the house, it feels like you are in a very different area.<br/>The studio was clean and I loved that there were DVDs available on the first floor landing. It was nice to relax on the sofa while watching Irish movies! thank you for making those available to your guests. It had everything I needed and more in the kitchen. Even coffee and tea was available when I got there and some eggs in the fridge. <br/>The place really felt like home to me. I wish I had the same place in London :)1731 Karin was incredibly welcoming, the kitchen was stocked with basic items like milk, eggs, fruit juice and muesli.  Later in the day she dropped in some home made banana bread, which was lovely.  She was very accomodating and flexible in terms of departure, I'd definitely stay there again.1732 I am more for ,hotels (because the extra comfort), not much for apt but Mrs  Karin offers a good apt, in a nice location, easy to find, and I enjoyed my time visiting my nephew and his wife.Mrs Karin and her niece make sure we are doing good and they are very friendly.<br/><br/>1733 I had a grat week at Margarets house. I decided to book in her house because of the reviews I read from her and let me tell you that its all true. For starters the house is located in a very nice area close to the airport and city center. The room is nice and comfy. Any questions about transportation, places to go or any other thing Margaret and her husband Gordon would help you anytime. I really enjoy the week and the lovely company. They make you feel like home whenever youre far from home. Thank you very much!!!!! Best hosts!1734 I had a great stay at Margaret's. She was really nice and offered great local tips. The bus is close by to get into the city center as well as to the airport. Her home is comfortable and quiet, so sleeping in isn't an issue at all.1735 A great stay in Dublin! The room is clean and warm, the bed is comfortable and Margaret and Gordon are very kind people!<br/>You can find everything that you may need near there: a supermarket, shopping, 3 or 4 pubs (with good prices), bus stops, grocery stores... It's 15 minutes by bus from airport, and 15 minutes from city center, very easy to access.<br/>Margaret and Gordon always want to help you giving directions, offering some ride (if they are going to the same direction) and tips to help during your stay there.<br/>It was my first time out of my country and I felt like I was in my home.<br/>Dublin is an awesome city, the people are very kind with foreigners, the streets and parks are clean and colorful, the entrances are not too expansive, the nightlife is great!1736 I had a great stay by margaret. She's very friendly and the position is good. 10-15 minutes to the airport and 10-15 minutes to the centre. Take the bus 16 to go to the shantalla avenue, from there It's only a few minutes to walk.<br/>The room size was ok, the bathroom and the shower is very good and the house is clean.<br/>Thanks margaret1737 Hello friends.<br/><br/> I spent three days sleeping in Margaret's house.The bed is very comfortable, and the house is clean and is (website hydden by Airbnb) think that you have to take the bus to reach the city center at 20 minutes by bus that has a frequency of every 10 minutes.However, it is very grateful !!!!Sleeping in the center of Dublin means getting into a stressful place and full of Latin American tourists and students, but the Margaret district is 100 % Irish, quiet and very pleasant.<br/> Very good evaluation !!!!<br/><br/> I Will Be Come Back Son !!!Margaret and Husband Are Very Friendly and Lovely.<br/>1738 We had such a wonderful stay in Dublin and a large part of that was Karin's beautiful apartment. <br/><br/>The apartment is exactly as pictured -  beautifully decorated and super comfortable. It's just the right size for two people and it made all the difference to have the space to ourselves rather than staying in a hotel or similar. We could get up late and have some breakfast and in the evening it was nice to watch a little tv relaxing on the sofa. <br/><br/>I couldn't recommend Karin's place more highly- we'll be passing on the details to any friends going to Dublin! <br/><br/>It really is a very special place to stay - thanks to Karin for a relaxing stay and a lovely weekend.1739 We spent three days in this magnificent Georgian building, and we really appreciated the antique details and furniture. Unlike another experience we had previously with Airbnb, the photos perfectly and realistically reproduce this cozy apartment.<br/>It’s very well connected with the Airport and the Dart. It takes some walk however to get to the Centre of the city, but walk a little bit makes more complete the knowledge of a new city. <br/><br/>This mini-apartment is perfect for two people, spacious, very clean, and as wonderful as the pictures suggest. The bed was very comfortable and I really appreciated the white new sheets and the warm feather duster . The kitchen is well supplied and Karin provides also a small breakfast (juice, fruits, eggs). We have been very tempted lightening the fireplace to complete a relaxing evening watching a DVD on the sofa.  <br/><br/>There is a huge round windows filling the room with light, and unlike many others windows in northern Europe, ours had wooden blinds so that we weren’t disturbed by city lights at night. <br/>However being an old window without modern frames, doesn’t help the noise of the cars running on the main street, this makes the room unsuitable for those light sleepers, as well as the steps on the floor coming from the room upstairs, even late at night. <br/><br/>Apart from that, my three-night stay couldn't have been more comfortable or welcoming.<br/> <br/>Karin has a lovely character and I just wish I had more time to chat with her.  She was very helpful with lots of information, and gave us a map with all requested locations highlighted <br/>I would definitely recommend staying here when coming to Dublin!<br/><br/>1740 We had a wonderful stay at Karin's beautiful flat, which is spotless and ideally located. Karin is a terrific host: the airline lost one of our suitcases and she did everything she could to help us get it back and to make sure we had all the essentials. I would absolutely stay here again if we ever return to Dublin!1741 As many others have noted, Karin is a gracious host and makes her guests feel welcomed.  The apartment is in an immaculately maintained Georgian-style home a few blocks north of the Liffey River.  We are walkers so the somewhat steep ascent on the way back to the apartment others have mentioned was not an issue for us.  Karin provided much appreciated breakfast items (milk, eggs, fruit, coffee, tea, etc.) so that we could ease into the four days we spent in Dublin before driving to other parts of Ireland.  We would recommend this apartment without hesitation.  Thank you, Karin, for getting our trip off to such a wonderful start.1742 Our stay and our trip were great! Vadym’s place is very cool! You can go in the center for 20 mins by walk and Vadym is cool and discret enough to make you feel at home from the beginning!! I recommend !1743 SUCH a nice place! The communication was amazing and the hosts are really taking good care of you. Hope to come back!1744 We stayed at this place for 4 nights, it is great value for money, very close to the city centre and a lovely host too! Would 100% recommend1745 Lovely space, in a really good location. Easy to walk to the centre with lots of good coffee shops, restaurants and bars along the way. 10 mins walk from the Guinness factory. Vadym was very accommodating and friendly. Would definitely recommend!1746 Very clean room and bathroom.Vadym received us very friendly and everything went perfectly.There is a train stop in the immediate vicinity, so that quickly comes to the center of the city.On foot you are in the center in 30 minutes.1747 Friendly welcome and sparkling clean, comfortable flat.1748 Jose and Vadym are fantastic hosts and extended their generous hospitality to me during my four night stay. Whilst my purpose was for work, I can see how this location is perfect for tourists coming to the area as public transport links are right outside your door and the conveniences to many attractions is unbeatable. Vadym was so welcoming and helpful. The apartment is beautiful, quiet for sleeping with exceptional cleanliness. I would definitely stay here again.1749 Wonderful.  I felt at home.  Vadym is a great person became a friend. Very nice place.1750 Great place !1751 A lovely room. Lots of attention to detail. The private bathroom and balcony were a definite plus. Very clean.1752 The place is great. It has very great vibes and is exactly as described. Vadym was an excellent host and very friendly. I couldn’t ask for something better. Muchas gracias!.1753 Vadym was a lovely host . He let us drop off our bags much earlier than our check in ! His flat is sparkling clean and you get your private bathroom and terrace . City center is 2 stops away . And tram station is a minute walk . <br/>Superb!1754 Very good airbnb, the room is hotel comparable and the host is very friendly and has good tips for dublin. The location is also very close to the centre and other important sights, therefore optimal. 10/10 recommend.1755 It was a very nice1756 The place is really clean and beautiful, Vadym is an adorable person who is there at any time to provide anything or any help for your trip, I would totally recommand it.1757 Jose and Vadyms place is the perfect little staycation! Well sized room, super clean. We never met Jose, but Vadym certainly was a super host! Everything was spotlessly clean and there was plenty of cleaning products and anti bac available to help with the current pandemic. Comfortable bed, loads of leaflets about things to do. Easy trip into the centre of Dublin, takes around 12 minutes on the tram to get to the high street. Check in and communication were super easy. Just a really pleasant and fabulous stay! I would definitely recommend. ☺️☺️1758 The stay in their apartment was very good, very tidy and clean. Excellent.1759 The accessibility,  the welcome and the facilities offered  make this a great choice1760 It’s a very nice place to stay!!!1761 Really enjoyed our stay, and Vadym was very friendly. The tips of getting to their place from the airport was very helpful.1762 Great place not too far from the City Centre, very close to Guinness and overall a nice place to stay1763 Loved them and their apartment! It's not far from the city center.. if you can get a reservation, go for it.1764 A very nice flat with a lovely host. I would happily stay here again.1765 We stayed at Jose&Vadym's place for 2.5 weeks during our relocation to Dublin.<br/>The place is fantastically clean and nice, close to Luas and city center.<br/>Vadym is amazing host, helped us with so many things around where to go?, what to do? etc. He makes you feel at home with nice insightful conversations.<br/>The place was regularly cleaned and we could even use kitchen to cook/heat food since due to Covid-19 most of the restaurants did not have dine-in.<br/><br/>Overall great experience and highly recommend.1766 Margaret and Gordon were extremely kind and helpful. The room was cozy and I very much enjoyed staying there!1767 Margaret and Gordon are very friendly and easy to talk to. You feel welcome! And  also the bed - at least mine, which is the only bed I can say something about - was very comfortable! Very important if you ask me. <br/>Also the house is located right between the airport and the city wich is perfect. Not far away from anything. <br/>I can recommend!1768 Margaret and Gordon made me very welcome in their home and were very hospitable throughout the week. They couldn't have been more friendly. The room was smaller than I had expected but it was clean and warm, and the bed was comfortable.1769 Great location for a short stay in Dublin.  Easy access to both the city center and the airport.  Margaret and her husband were very attentive hosts before and during the stay.  The room was a bit smaller than expected but perfectly fine for a short stay.  I would recommend this place.1770 Margaret was so kind and gracious. I felt that I was at home. The best part about using airbnb is the conversations. Every moment in their home I was left feeling  a part of the family. Looking at family photos and sharing history about Ireland. The house is about thirty minutes by bus to the city center. The bus system in Dublin is very easy to use. The house is in a good neighborhood, and is very easy to find. The room is very small, but perfect for a lone traveller like myself. Very clean. Breakfast was wonderful, and filled with loving conversations.  They went above and beyond to help me feel right at home.1771 Margaret and her husband are very nice and friendly people because the y treated me very well. The neiborhood where they live is very quiet and has a perfect comunication with Dublín center. Aldo with the airport.<br/><br/>They made me feel as home1772 Margaret and Gordon were excellent hosts. Extremely friendly and helpful. Room was great and the whole house was clean. I am really impressed on how they are constantly try to satisfy so many different people by having almost anything anyone wants for breakfast. The area was also great, green and city center and airport is really close with a lot of busses. If anyone considers stay with them don't even thing about it. It's cheaper than other b&b in the area and way better. Thank to both of them for the hospitality and the help they provided during my first days in Ireland.1773 Great place and a very nice host, although the bedroom is a little bit small. Nice neighborhood with pubs and restaurants.1774 My visit to Dublin was wonderful, and even better was the Cuffe's residence.  The single bed room was comfortable and clean, perfect for any person traveling on their own.  I felt at home while I was there.  The couple advised me on wonderful places to visit and provided directions to places I had planned.  As a person traveling alone, I found the privacy and safety to reaching beyond my expectations.  The other guests staying at their home were energetic and exciting to speak with.  For the price they have listed, the stay is more than a bargain.  Mr. and Mrs. Cuffe, incase you're reading this, thank you for making my visit so wonderful and providing me assistance to the airport so early in the morning.1775 Well Worth staying over Very Helpful and Friendly highly recommended.1776 Vadym was a lovely lovely host . Highly recommended. The place is great x1777 Excellent location, with lovely cafe and great leisure centre right outside the apartment. Very modern and spotlessly clean apartment with a lovely private bathroom and cute little private balcony. The room was great; smart TV, spacious wardrobe, relatively comfy bed. Vadym was super friendly and helpful.1778 Vadym's a very sweet host. Very welcoming and warm. My wife and I love meeting people and Vadym was an absolute delight to talk to. <br/><br/>Had a very good experience at their home which is beautifully set up. Spotless interiors and very-well equipped bedroom, kitchen and the bathroom. Would definitely the place to couples.1779 Awesome place to stay in Dublin.1780 Nice room not far from the center, easy to reach by tram!Vadym is a very nice, friendly host who was immediately ready to help us.Ideal for short city trip in Dublin!Price quality TOP!1781 We had a great stay! We got to check-in and drop our bags off a bit earlier so we could explore the city without suitcases. The location is good as you can walk everywhere in Dublin. Thank you, Vadym :)1782 Great place. Communication was excellent. Very friendly. Made my stay more enjoyable. Thank you so much.1783 Very well equipped, clean apartment with a beautiful, in a fairly quiet area, just 2 minutes' walk from the tram and about 10 minutes from the city center.Vadym is a listening host, very friendly, responsive and super open!I recommend without hesitation!1784 Very nice and easy going. Lovely stay!1785 Super clean, nicely decorated, the host is very friendly, and the apartment is so great!!1786 Amazing1787 A host charm.Very clean everything, just around the subway, all perfect.Absolutely recommended.I will be back1788 José and Vadym’s apartment is very good.15 mins from the city center, accessible in tram, it is clean and equipped.Vadym is very smiling, kind and welcoming.We recommend :)1789 Fantastic host! Vadym has been really welcoming and even went out of his way to help me! Highly recommended and will book again without a doubt1790 Vadym is a delightful human that is full of life! My partner and I had a great time connecting during our short stay. The place is very clean and is just as described. We would definitely recommend to other city savvy travelers!1791 Vadym is a great host. He was very friendly and the stay was pleasant. We could use the kitchen to make our own dinner, had a private bathroom and a cute room with a balcony.1792 The place was great! Check in was super easy and the hosts were very good communicators. The room and bathroom were very clean and looked just like the pictures!1793 Easy location and great, clean room. Super close to the Guinness experience and fairly easy to get to and from the airport. I only met Vadym but he was lovely and easy to communicate with.1794 Great place. Very clean and good value for money. The tram stop is very close, so it is well connected. Vadym was very helpful and were available to answer questions. Would highly recommend!1795 Being at Joseph and Vadym's was really good. Vadym (Joseph was not that period) was such a nice host and made everything very easy going and the house was so clean and comfortable. The room is not very big, but it is ok. It has a useful wardrobe and a terrace. It is a quite place, no noises at night. <br/>The house is very easily connected to the city center and not far away from it. The neighborhood is not very interesting neither beautiful. It has a supermarket quite close to the house.1796 Super clean and comfortable - easy to access the airport and easy walk into the city (about 30 minutes). Thanks for a nice stay!1797 The listing was true to itself! Jose and Vadym’s apartment was absolutely gorgeous and very comfortable for our two night stay in Dublin. The bathroom was large and the bedroom had plenty of built in shelving (big enough to put two large suitcases in). Overall, it was a great location and only minutes of walking into the city center!1798 Wonderful place to stay while visiting Dublin!  Clean, super-friendly hosts, and convenient to everything - the transit line is practically at the doorstep. It’s within walking distance of the Guinness Storehouse, too, so that was a bonus!!1799 Fantastic apartment with two balconies in a quiet part of  Dublin <br/><br/>Across is a Café with lunch options and real irish breakfast. The tram is 3 minutes away and takes you right into the city wherever you want to go.<br/><br/>Nice bedroom with own balcony.<br/><br/>Beautiful big bathroom. Everything new. We would always go there again.1800 A very friendly, available and also discreet host.A very practical location 15/20 mins from the dublin center in tram.Access to the kitchen and the private bathroom are also very practical.Calm neighborhood .1801 Great communication from the host, clean and comfortable place, located directly by a tram stop.1802 The apartment’s location facilitate my travel very much. Luas tram is just around the corner. I can visit national gallery & museum, Guinness storehouse in just a day. All in all, it’s a good place.1803 Vadym was a wonderful host who gave us lots of good info about Dublin. He was always ready to help when we needed it. Everything a guest would need is easily available.  <br/>The location is somewhat outside the city center, but the nearest tram station is not even two minutes away on foot. There is also a cafe immediately across from the apartment for breakfast.1804 Pleasant stay, flexible and easy check-in thanks to the detailed information provided.Clean room and private bathroom where everything needed was present.You can prepare tea or coffee independently in the kitchen;Although breakfast was not included, in the morning we found delicious hot scones prepared by Vadym.About 25 minutes walk from the center.Highly recommended1805 Vadym was a great host! The room was comfortable and everything was very clean. We weren't in the room/house much, as we were busy sightseeing, but we really enjoyed our stay.1806 Karin truly loves her city and country. It is evident in how she has curated the space as well as how thorough she was with all of materials upon arrival as well (guidebooks, etc readily available in the suite). All basic supplies were provided, DVDs in the hallway and she gave us some good neighborhood tips. The beautiful Georgian details are exactly as pictured and the entire building is well maintained. Only downside is that it's about a 20 min walk to the Temple Bar area but taxis are readily available outside the times we needed them. Easy access to the airport too.1807 This stay at Margaret and Gordon's home was a real treat. The room was cozy, clean and nice. Margaret was a great host, always on disposition for any kind of directions about bus routes, shops and places to eat. This nice room is located in a lovely and safe neighbourhood. The house was spotless. It was also nice to be able to have coffee/tea with my hosts after a long day in the busy city centre.  I would recommend this place and hosts any time!1808 I cannot rave enough about how much I enjoyed my stay with Margaret and Gordon.  From the moment I walked through the door I felt like I was a part of their family.  They made me feel completely at ease with using the space or with just coming downstairs for a good chat.  They are both incredibly helpful and are truly gifted in the art of hospitality.  The room was exactly as described, very cozy and relaxing.  They have a lovely home and keep a very tidy house.  Not far from city center if you use the bus and can buy a bus card just down the road.  I highly recommend booking here for a great experience with amazing people1809 An easy to find, and conveniently located place to stay. We found the apartment very charming. Karin is almost biblical in her knowledge of Dublin and the surrounding area - this was helpful for us northerners who aren't too familiar! We were grateful for the time she spent with us on arrival providing us with information. We were able to keep our car in the back yard during our stay, we could walk to most places in 20 minutes, so we didn't need to worry about parking.<br/>We felt right at home for the short period we stayed, and would definitely look forward to staying again in future.1810 Vadym and Jose are lovely hosts. They took really good care of me, making sure I was comfortable in their home. They made my stay in Dublin special, immediately treating me as a friend and offering great conversation. And Jose makes amazing breakfasts! ;)1811 Jose and Vadym are excellent hosts.1812 A very friendly and friendly couple who try to help you in what may arise, with a well -located house and an unbeatable atmosphere.1813 I had a great stay with Margaret and Gorden! They looked after me and provided lots of craic :) The room was small but lacked for nothing and easy to get the bus to and from town. Thanks guys will be back soon!1814 Nice clean room. Easy to reach from the airport. Direct access to city center by bus. Nice area and friendly hosts1815 I must say that staying at Margaret's house was a fascinating experience. All was clean, the neighbourhood is quiet and easy to go to town by bus.<br/>Pub across the road and a supermarket near made my life easier. So I strongly recommend Margaret and Gordon's house when visiting Dublin.1816 I really enjoyed staying at Margaret's. She and Gordon are really nice people who are always willing to help you if needed. The room is small but cosy. Margaret and Gordon invited me to use the whole house and made me feel comfortable. Moreover, there is a supermarket a few meters away, which is extremly practical. The bus station is not too far either. All in all, I highly recommend staying at Margaret's. You will feel safe and homelike.<br/>1817 I can't say enough wonderful things about the night I spent with Jose and Vadym in Dublin. While I had used Airbnb previously for full apartment rentals, this was my first time renting a private room and I can not imagine a better experience.The apartment itself is lovely and well-kept, and my room was bright and comfortable. The bed and pillows were phenomenally comfortable and I got a much-needed night of rest and relaxation following an eventful Saint Patrick's Day weekend. The apartment is only a 3-minute walk from the nearest tram station, making all of Dublin quickly and easily accessible. As a solo female traveler I felt very safe in their neighborhood and was comfortable my entire time AT&T he apartment.<br/><br/>What really made my experience great, though, was my interaction with Jose and Vadym.  Jose met me the afternoon I arrived and showed me the apartment and keys, which went smoothly as expected. After a full day exploring Dublin and Howth I returned to the apartment to relax and get some sleep, and Vadym invited me to join him and Jose for tea and biscuits. We sat and talked about politics and traveling for quite some time, which was lovely. The next morning Jose offered me breakfast with toast and fruit and fresh berry preserves Vadym had made. My entire time spent in their apartment was lovely and I hope to return again someday!1818 Both Vadym and Jose made me feel very welcome and although I was only there a short time we had some good conversation. The room was tidy, clean and warm and there was nothing more I needed! I would definitely consider staying with them again.1819 It was my first airb&b night and I love it! I agree with all feedbacks done before. Vadym and Jose are really wunderful hosts, they love to have guests and that you can feel! Even the cat was somehow friendly to me ;-))))<br/>The room is... 5 * deluxe with balkony, brandnew Boxspring bed... CLEAN and cozy... <br/>the way to the next Luas/Tram/Strassenbahn/Citytrain is no 2 minutes away..<br/><br/>What to say, I would strongly recommend to stay with them !!!!!1820 I've just stayed for one day with Jose and Vadym but the only thing I can say is that it was a very good experience. This was my first time living with the hosts and both them made me feel so good. I've received a warm welcome, the room was so comfortable and cozy, as I expected, the house (and also the room) was extremely clean and tidy, I've slept really good in that bed, although it's not in the centre of Dublin I went everywhere walking, Guinness Storehouse is really closer, Jose and Vadym told me some good places to visit, to have a lunch, a beer... And "of course" the cake was so good Vadym, however someone told me that the receipe is not yours, so you can also give my regards to the owner of the receipe :-) ... So: 100% recommendable for everybody who wants to Dublin and 100% Perfects Hosts to be with them!1821 Jose & Vadym were awesome host. My husband and I had a very long layover in Dublin and we stayed at there place. It was just has depicted in the pictures. To get from the airport to their place by public transport was very easy and when we needed to find the street as there were similar names was no trouble as the locals were very easy to talk with and assist you.<br/><br/>We loved the area and Jose was very warm and friendly and shared local hot spots for us to visit as we had lityle time to tour.  We plan on visiting again and will most definitely be staying at Jose and Vadym place if dates are available. ..<br/><br/>For a very clean, warm, friendly, easy location access and cost this place checks out at 5 stars.  I loved the bed and slept very well that night. I was very comfortable and felt at home. Thanks again guys and see you soon.<br/><br/>Much regards,  <br/>Maria & Darrick1822 Jose and Vadym were welcoming and made our stay in Dublin interesting and comfortable. The location was great... next to the Luaus... making our travel in and out of the city easy. We recommend all visitors purchase a Leap pass at the airport. Vadym baked a cake in celebration of our football game in Dublin.1823 Jose was the perfect host! He responded promptly to all of my messages, his home was modern & clean, and the photos reflected the bedroom exactly. Not only was our stay comfortable, Jose is extremely personable and made us feel very welcome. When we arrived, he made us tea and even let us use his washer to do laundry because we were in Dublin for an overnight layover before heading back to the States. He also kindly contacted a cab company to arrange our taxi to the airport because we were overcharged by our cab driver from the airport by 20 euros because he could tell we were tourists. <br/><br/>His home is in a perfect location for those who are looking for a neighborhood that is close enough to city center, but is quiet at night to sleep soundly. Just steps away from his apartment is the Fatima stop on the Luas tram line. Fatima is 6 stops away from Jervis, the stop for the Temple Bar area. <br/><br/>My only regret is not staying longer, I would definitely recommend Jose's home for people traveling to Dublin! <br/><br/>1824 Our 1 night stay with Jose and Vadim was fantastic.  Spotlessly clean apartment with comfy bed.  They both made sure it was quiet as we had just flown in from Australia and needed sleep.  Thanks for the great coffee Jose and the friendly atmosphere you both created for us.  I highly recommend anyone to stay here, great location also.  Vicki and Adrian. :-)1825 Myself and my friend had the pleasure of staying at Vadym and José's flat for the St. Patrick's Day holiday. <br/><br/>The flat is in amazing condition, with pristine facilities and amenities. The city center is easily accessible via the Luas tram line. The wifi connection was great, the decor of the house is beautiful (especially one special photograph on the wall of the living room!) and we really felt at home.<br/><br/>Vadym is a  lovely host and made us feel welcome with his positive, friendly demeanor. Unfortunately we did not get the chance to meet José as he was feeling unwell (I hope you get better soon).<br/><br/>All the best in your travels, thank you so much for such a wonderful stay!1826 Margaret and Gordon are very nice and accommodating. They brought me to the bus on the first morning that i was there so i would know where to go. They also made me feel at home in terms of being able to make breakfast every morning if i wanted to. <br/>The room was as described and the neighbourhood was nice and peaceful1827 I spent an entire week at Margaret's. Margaret is a lovely person. She is always asking how are you doing and is always helpful.<br/><br/>I had great time at her house. She allowed me it use everything in her kitchen. I felt at home and I thank her for that.<br/><br/>We had long chats with her and her husband Gordon (he likes to talk a lot, like me) and her friends Simon and Irene. You'll get to know more about Ireland and Irish people and brush up your Dublin accent or your English :)<br/><br/>She offers the breakfast, tea and coffee wich I did not know before arriving. Good surprise :)<br/><br/>The bus top is at 5 minutes walking to the city center. The house is located in between the airport and the city center.<br/><br/>There were others guests in the other rooms from France and Germany and we met up in the big kitchen. It was great.<br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>1828 Margaret and Gordon are absolutely lovely and very welcoming and helpful hosts! Room was clean and as advertised, and buses to the city centre came often. Perfect for someone unfamiliar with the area and travelling alone. Margaret and Gordon will answer any questions you have about Dublin, and will help you get around if they can! Thanks so much for the great stay! x1829 I had a great time staying here, the room was as I expected, Margaret and Gordon were very welcoming and always around for a chat. They were very helpful in getting me around Dublin and making sure there were no problems. Would recommend.1830 Margaret and Gordon are absolutely lovely, helpful and very welcoming hosts!<br/>Nice clean and warm room. Easy to reach from the airport, about 15 min. Direct access to city center by bus.<br/>I really enjoyed staying at Margaret's.1831 Due to illness my trip never happened but Margaret was very understanding and hopefully I will get to stay again.1832 The reservation was canceled 10 days before arrival. This is an automated posting.1833 Margaret and Gordon are very welcoming and helpful hosts.<br/>They always tried to help me anytime when I had questions and I enjoyed my stay with them in their agreable home.1834 Both Margaret and Gordon made me feel very welcome indeed. Very accommodating, always willing to help me look up addresses and numbers, make phone calls for me, even take me to the local botanic gardens, which was way above the call of duty.1835 Margaret and her husband Gordon went out of their way to make sure I was comfortable and felt at home. Highly recommend staying with them.1836 Vadym was very welcoming (Jose was busy at work ). We only got to stay one night with an early flight home next morning. The bedroom and apartment is very nice and clean with good access to downtown on the 122 bus.1837 Vadym and Jose were excellent hosts. Very welcoming and friendly. Even though I was only there for a very short stay, they were so hospitable and made me feel at home. The pictures of the apartment and the room are spot on. Easily accessible to and from the city centre.1838 Honestly, look no further than this gorgeous Georgian mansion. It is quite literally a mecca of grand Irish history and comfort. Karen is the ideal hostess and has attended to every detail with love, care and comfort that truly makes you feel like you are family. Imagine being in heart of Dublin and drifting off to sleep with the glow and crackle of log fire. It was truly amazing. All the linens were crisp and fine and the breakfast items left high quality and delicious. She even had homemade muesli! Karen herself is a wealth of information regarding Irish history and architecture and just the pictures alone in the main hall tell a fascinating story of Ireland. I cannot reccomend this unique, Georgian mansion highly enough with an owner that has a true spirit of generousity and a unassuming heart of gold.1839 I really felt at home.The hosts are very friendly and attentive, they help you in everything even demonstrate a difficult familiarity to find in other places outside Ireland.<br/><br/> The house is clean and you have all the services you need.<br/> Although it is located in a residential area you have very close a supermarket, post office, a bus stop that goes to the center in 15M, it is easy to find a taxi ... and it is a very quiet and safe area.1840 Margaret is an excellent host. She wait for me until I arrived and was very helpful with instructions to go to the city and sightseeings plus the conversation with her was great. I enjoyed my stay there.1841 The house was located in a very quiet neighbourhood with a good bus connection heading to the city centre. The room was small yet cosy and absolutely sufficient for a single person. Margaret and Gordon are very lovely hosts and always did their best for their guest's well-being. During my whole stay I felt very welcome and in good hands. Thank you both very much for that!!1842 Margaret and Gordon were very warm and welcoming and I felt very at home at their place! The house and room were very clean, and all the essentials were provided so it was perfect for my short trip. Breakfasts in the morning were a plus too. The place is accessible by bus and you could easily travel to the city centre or airport from the place. There are also shops and a supermarket within walking distance. Overall, I had a great stay here!1843 The first time I arrived in Ireland, I lived directly in B & B, because I was not familiar with the road.This single room belongs to the way of sliding doors, and the lock part seems to be broken and not installed; there is a wardrobe & wardrobe & hanger.You can use the kitchen to cook, and the breakfast part provides simple toast & coffee or juice.You can arrive at about 15 points from the airport at about 15 points; about 50 points from Maggia's house to the urban area of Dublin, and the PHONE Number Hidden By Airbnb is divided.Mag & Goghon is very good. I am very happy to live for a week and feel home.Very pushing!<br/><br/> Margaret and Gorden Are Very Nice, Talk to them was so happy. I lived there for one wek, the home and theYYEY let me toYou wait to the city, can take no.16 bus, about (Phone Number Hidden by Airbnb) min.<br/> The Place is G (Phone Number Hidden by Airbnb) D !! Margaret and Gorden THX! ^^1844 The room was small, but if you're traveling into town like I was, that's the perfect size. Margaret and Gordon were fantastic hosts and had great suggestions of places to see and things to do in Dublin. 10/10 would recommend.1845 Margaret and Gordon are superb hosts. They welcomed me as if I were a long-lost friend, and they were always around to help with anything.  Even laundry!  Their kitchen is spacious and comfy, with a nice backyard.  The bathroom is not technically ensuite but it might just as well have been, as handy as it was.  The room was perfect.  Although there are some stairs to the room, Gordon always made sure I never had to carry anything up or down.  And sweet Margaret even brought me a delicious cup of coffee on the morning after our posh night out!!  I don't think I would ever dream of staying anywhere else when in Dublin!1846 Margaret  & Gordon are excellent people,like those people Who are trying to help all they can . Thet have really made me feel like I am home .<br/>I'm sure I have second home in Ireland. <br/>1847 Karins apartment was really lovely. She was a very a very welcoming host with great local tips. I would recommend it to anyone.1848 An absolutely wonderful stay!  It is - as it's name suggests - a very special studio flat.  I thoroughlly enjoyed getting the chance to stay there for nine days.  I was in Dublin for work and found it a great central base for getting around.  It's a spacious flat and a great place to relax.   Karin is a lovely host and I hope I am able to return for a holiday some time.  I have already recommended to friends!1849 I strongly advise to make a small detour to José and Vadym.We will not forget their very warm and friendly welcome and the comfort of their apartment.Thank you !!1850 Just from the way Jose and Vadym replied to my booking request, and from all the follow-up messages, I got a really good feeling about staying with them, and I wasn’t  wrong. They’re both truly genuine and hospitable. Very warm and welcoming when I arrived, and polite, considerate, relaxed and engaging throughout my short stay- they couldn’t have been better hosts.<br/>The apartment is located on the edges of Rialto, an old working-class neighbourhood. On the streets you get a lovely mix of local Dubliners and cosmopolitan newcomers. It’s very close to the Luas tram, which is a real plus – very convenient for travelling into the centre of the city. <br/>The apartment is exactly as the photographs show it – comfortable and classy, bright and warm. It’s quiet – I slept really well. <br/>Honestly, my stay with Jose and Vadym couldn’t have been better, I loved it. Sincere thanks to you both.<br/>1851 Jose and Vadym were both perfect hosts. Everything was super clean and exactly like the pictures. The location was perfect as it was right next to the train. Jose was great showing us to our room and making us tea the next morning. We will definitely book again with Jose and Vadym. We couldn't ask for anything better!1852 Jose & Vadym were very friendly and helpful. We enjoyed our stay.1853 Really great stay with Vadym & Jose. They were welcoming and friendly. The little time we got to spend there was comfortable. The room was great and had everything we required for ours nights stay!! They had a heap of maps and brochures we could read to find the sights and Jose gave us a lot of tips on what to go see and the best way of getting there! They were also very accommodating when we had to leave at 4:30am for a flight. Vadym booked us a taxi the night before and got up to let us know he had arrived and to see us off. Absolutely great stay! Would definitely go back.1854 The apartment is beautiful,very tidy and clean,the room is spacious with the balcony and there is a bathroom only for guests. The apartment is close to the luas station. Vladym and Jose' are great:they welcomed us in the best way,they explained everything and suggested us the best ways to get to the most important places! There are all the things you need  thank you ciaoo1855 Vadym and Jose were such wonderful hosts! My husband and I arrived earlier than the check in time and they still welcomed us with such warmth! Jose gave us directions to the Guiness Storehouse and we spent all afternoon there. Even though we slept most of the day, they were just a pleasure. Their home is very accommodating to guests, the perfect place!1856 Jose & Vadim were very welcoming and we had excellent communication prior to our arrival.<br/><br/>The private room and private balcony in their apartment was cosy, quiet and the bed was very comfortable (we slept it a bit too long every morning!).<br/><br/>Excellent location close to tourist locations, the hop on hop off tour bus and the tram.<br/><br/>Generous and courteous hosts who greeted us with specially made turkish coffee daily.<br/><br/>Would definitely stay with them again on our next visit to Dublin.1857 Jose and Vadym are incredibly wonderful hosts and human beings, a joy to be around. Their home is beautiful and very clean. The room is extremely comfortabe.1858 Staying at Jose's place has been an amazing experience for us. Firstly, the accommodation was close to the tram station, which was relatively close to the city centre as well. This allowed us to go till very late, and return to their place without having much worries. Next, they provided more than anyone needs. Not only did they have a separate toilet for guests to use, but they gave us the full freedom of their place, as if we are family. They also gave us much space, and did not bother us when we were there at all. A place I will highly recommend to anyone.1859 This is a wonderful house!We recommend it to everyone!<br/> Any guest will find there a separate bathroom, very cozy bedroom, equipped with a kitchen, and most importantly - wonderful owners of the house.Jose and Vadim are very talented, sociable people who will help you on your journey.1860 José and Vadym are great hosts.It felt more like a visit to friends.<br/> You did everything so that you feel around the best, tips about the city, nice conversations, coffee and cake and much more ...<br/> gladly again.<br/>1861 Jose and Vadym were wonderful hosts and very gracious. They have found the perfect ratio of interaction with the guests and allowing privacy. Both the room and the apartment were very nice, clean and bright. There is only one room for rent in the apartment so you have the private use of the bathroom. The location was just steps to the tram or a short walk to the the Guinness Storehouse where several Hop On Hop Off sightseeing buses stop. I had a very nice stay here. I even liked their grumpy cat.1862 Felt very welcoming.  Room was very nice.  Own large glass door that opened onto a balance.  Both bathroom and room clean and neat.  Had lots of information and phamplets on what to do in Dublin.1863 Jose was very friendly and welcoming. The check in was very easy and clear. The room is like the description and clean. It was a very short tram connection to the center. We had a very nice stay and would definitely recommend this.1864 I felt at home, very relaxed and comfortable. The communication was good by both host. Hospitable and congenial was my experience.1865 Everything was lovely! But the location description Ian't very accurate as it's not brilliant.1866 Great location! Vadym and Jose were excellent hosts, treating me to coffee and conversations and giving me recommendations for Ireland. Would definitely recommend staying with them!1867 I was a great pleasure to stay in Vadyms apartment.<br/>The description to find the place was very accurate with maps, pictures and bus/tram specifications.<br/>The apartment is really nice and very clean and the host both professional and  personal at the same time.<br/><br/>I would highly recommend this place to anyone staying in Dublin.<br/>1868 The listing description was acuurate, the owner of the appartment waited for me even on the street to get me to the appartment on the first day of my arrival, i was very welcomed at that home. the owner even helped me to book my toutistic trips, was very friendly. i recommend this place as a provate room and bath for every one want to visit Dublin, as such a clean well furnitured appartment, very friendly owner.1869 Vadym & Jose were excellent guest1870 Vadym was very welcoming, communicative and friendly, both before my arrival and after. Directions were clear. The apartment is clean and the bed was super comfy. It was a great place to stay! Thanks again!1871 I stayed at Vadym and Jose's for one evening.  They wrote to me in advance to ensure my travel and arrival to their home would be smooth and easy. I had a thoroughly relaxed and comfortable stay. Jose and Vadym are a true delight to meet, they're welcoming, gracious hosts and great to chat with.  They gave great advice on places to visit during my short stay.  I wholeheartedly recommend staying here and hope to do so myself in the future.1872 Vadym was so great. I felt very welcomed and he helped me with everything I needed. The location can be a little bit hard to find, since most streets in Dublin aren't well marked. But once you get of the Luas you're very close. Definitely reccomend staying here! I had a great time and wish I could have stayed longer.1873 Just what I needed, clean and cute place to stay with friendly hosts1874 Exceptional find. Lovely, friendly and accommodating people. Very cosy and welcoming apartment. 10/10!1875 I had a great stay at Vadym and Jose's place. Very comfortable, clean, and modern. I did not have a chance to meet Vadym but Jose is very nice and accommodating. The location worked well for me. It's a short walk to the Guinness Storehouse and about €8 cab ride back from temple bar. I would definitely recommend this place to friends and would stay here again.1876 Would 100% recommend. Lovely apartment, cosy room, nice bathroom and extremely welcoming and helpful hosts. Right by the tram stop so all very easy for access to the city centre and a handy short walk to the Guinness storehouse.1877 It was a great room. Well located for the purpose of my trip, which was a conference meeting. But only 6 stops to the city center. My aunt was with me on the trip, she stayed a bit passed the checkout time because my conference took longer and they were ok with that.1878 A comfortable, clean and neat apartment close to a tram station. Vadym and Jose were welcoming hosts and i would recommend their place to friends.1879 Jose and Vadym were wonderful hosts, and even helped us book an early taxi to make sure we caught our flight on time. I would definitely book again!1880 Another great stay! Perfect sport for exploring Dublin. Thanks guys for hosting me!1881 Clean comfortable room close to the city centre. Right beside the luas stop. Very welcoming and genuinely nice people1882 We were one night in his apartment, but we felt very welcomed and received excellent treatment.Vadym is a very friendly person, always with a topic of conversation and willing to help as much as possible.<br/> We really thank you for the attention received by your part.<br/> We would repeat without a doubt. <br/> The house is as shown in the photos.As for the location, it is next to the Fatima station and 25 minutes walk from the center.1883 We had an uncomplicated night in the apartment near the city center.With the tram you are in 15 minutes in the middle of the city and also your nightlife.The check in in the apartment was very easy and communication with the host is easy at all times.Very nice hosts who try to make your stay as pleasant as possible.1884 The pictures undersell. This is the place to stay if you're in Dublin!<br/><br/>New and exclusive apartement building, very secure, safe neighbourhood, tram to central dublin is right outside the door and Vadym was both friendly, interesting and helpful. <br/><br/>We had a great time, and will surely book again if we're to return to Dublin! 5 stars1885 Vast and José are very welcoming.They are 1 minute from the very appreciated tram.I would have enjoyed more things for breakfast even if I had to prepare it myself.1886 The room is very close to the tram that takes you to the city centre. Jose and Vadym are very friendly and the room was clean. Recommend!1887 I had a wonderful stay in Vadym and Jose's home. The room was very clean and comfortable and I loved the private balcony. Overall, the home was clean and the hosts were great at communicating throughout my stay. Would definitely stay here again!1888 Great stay, perfect location ,a perfect tidy and pacious room with a romantic balcony,big mirror..Can you ask more?<br/>Bathroom first class, but the highlight of my trip was comminucation with Vadym, both these gentlemen are great company , made tea for me and white choclate was  bliss:-)<br/> I know where to stay when im in Dublin:-)<br/>Thanks Guys1889 Extremely comfortable and clean apartment. There were many thoughtful touches including extra toiletries in the bathroom and additional phone/outlet chargers within the room. There was also lots of free on street parking outside of the apartment which was very convenient. One of the nicest and cleanest Airbnb’s I’ve stayed in! Highly recommend1890 Lovely space in a secure building very close to the train going into the city center. Vadym is a kind and thoughtful host.1891 Great host, very clean and tidy. Excellent value for money.1892 A beautiful, clean and modern flat only a stones throw away from the world famous Guineas brewery and store house. Vadim was the perfect host and very friendly, even inviting us to stay in his and Jose’s other property in Spain!1893 Vadym was very hospitable and offered great advice on what to do and how to get around Dublin. The entire living space was warm and inviting, adding a very cozy feel to my stay. While the bedroom and bathroom were both super clean, the kitchen was my favorite part because of its layout. Everything was incredibly organized and Vadym anticipated any possible need a guest could have.1894 Ideal flat for a break in Dublin - fab location, super clean/tidy and amazing hosts. Vadym was the perfect host - thoughtful and informative. Can’t thank you enough! Would definitely recommend to anyone traveling to Dublin.1895 Vadym is a superhosts without a doubt, try to take care of all the details to make your stay the best experience, access to the department is very easy and just 10 min from the center, super recommended!If we return to Dublin we would certainly return here.Thanks for all Vadym and good luck !!!!1896 great location close to city centre1897 This was an amazing place to stay! Jose was so kind. Check in time was flexible, sparkling clean, walkable into the city, private bathroom, and even coffee and cereal to enjoy on the private balcony off the guest bedroom.1898 Though I had a short stay, Jose & Vadym’s place was perfect. Clean, great location, and the hosts were very nice and hospitable. Thank you!1899 Very clean, exactly what we needed for a city break. The most welcoming host! I can’t fault it1900 Loved this place! Vadym was just the kindest, most hospitable person! We absolutely loved talking with him, admiring his lovely home, and staying in our cozy, and super clean, space! Would definitely recommend it if you’re in Dublin!1901 Very friendly spot which served us well for the night before our flight out. Sleek and modern with a comfy bed! What more can a traveler want?!1902 Very nice apartment in a good location. Vadym displayed great hospitality and it made for a very comfortable and enjoyable stay.1903 It's a nice place to stay, private bathroom, everything was clean and felt well prepared. Location is a bit outside of the city centre but there's a tram station at 1 minute walking distance.1904 Our stay at José and Vadym‘s was way too short. But in the very short time we did habe, they were super friendly and helpful. Communication was grade A and the room+apartment were beautiful and super clean. The location is great as well, with good access to public transport. We‘d be back... maybe even in Spain?! ;)1905 Jose was very nice and accommodating.  The place is as described; comfortable and close to the city center. Thanks again!1906 Expect to stay in a place close to the public transportation (Luas). Perfect place for a quick overnight stay.1907 The room was clean and the space was lovely! Very walkable to the river and main areas. Vadym was so kind and welcoming, highly recommended!1908 When we come to Dublin again, definitely here.Vadym welcomed us very warmly and gave us many tips for the city.Rooms and bathrooms were very clean and well equipped.1909 The place is very easy to reach and close to the center. The room and apartment are lovely, comfortable and perfectly clean. Vadym supplied all the info I needed to find the apartment and all the communication and check in went very smoothly. Highly recommended!1910 Good and nice reception.All very clean.Near the center by public transport.Really well.1911 Jose & Vadym’s space was beautiful and perfect for what we needed for the night. It’s right next to a tram line that is very convenient to get to the city center, but still walkable (~20-30min). They were wonderful hosts and communication and check in were a breeze. Would definitely recommend :)1671 Karin's Georgian flat is one of the most beautiful places we've ever stayed! It's incredibly cozy and is exactly as it appears in the pictures. It's just a 20-minute taxi ride from the airport and an easy 20-minute walk from most of the major sights in Dublin. Karin is brimming with knowledge and passion about Dublin and gave us a very insightful overview of the city's history, restaurants, and attractions. We'd recommend this place to anyone!1671 Karin's Georgian flat is one of the most beautiful places we've ever stayed! It's incredibly cozy and is exactly as it appears in the pictures. It's just a 20-minute taxi ride from the airport and an easy 20-minute walk from most of the major sights in Dublin. Karin is brimming with knowledge and passion about Dublin and gave us a very insightful overview of the city's history, restaurants, and attractions. We'd recommend this place to anyone!1672 Karin was an absolutely fantastic host, just like all the other reviews had said!! She was there to greet us when we arrived and gave us a quick overview of the city, including places we should definitely see, and recommendations of places to eat and grab a drink.  All of her recommendations were spot on and places we may not have stopped at, but certainly glad we did!!! Karin's building and apartment were beautiful and clean, and you can tell that she takes great pride in her city and her space. I would definitely recommend Karin as a host!!! You don't get much better than her :)1673 Lovely apartment and beautiful building. Great location, tons of helpful tips from Karin to help you make the most of your visit to Dublin.1674 I was there for 1 months and it was really great thanks to Margaret and Gordon. They were very friendly and helpful. Moreover, you can use the kitchen and the washing machine as you wish with no extra fees. I strongly recommend these hosts.1675 Margaret and Gordon are a credit to Irish hospitality! One of the best host experiences I've had. Margaret is quite used to having travelers over, and hosting students. Location is a bit of a distance out but not a problem at all if the buses are running as there's a stop just round the corner. Supermarket just 2 minutes away.1676 Margaret is a talkative and warm woman who is obviously accustomed to having people stay at her house. She went above and beyond, in my opinion, as far as feeding me, and was generous to do my laundry the first day. Overall, the room is a great value, and is as advertised: very small (fine by me) with a comfortable bed. <br/><br/>Location-wise, I found it took me about 25-30 mins to get to the city center if I timed it correctly with bus schedules, although that could be much higher in rush hour.1677 I stayed at Margaret's house a week in August. Really enjoyed my time there, Margaret and Gordon are such a nice couple, positive, open-minded, sociable, always willing to help or give a good piece of advice, the house itself is nice, tidy, well decorated in Irish style) I wish them all the best, kind regards.<br/>Anna1678 Margaret and Gordon are two lovely people with a great house in a good part of Santry/Beaumont.  Plenty of busses available nearby (walking to city centre is a hike, about an hour, which is fine for nutters like me but normal folks should take the easy busses!)  Very accommodating, cozy room, comfy bed, nice people, what more could you be wanting?  Great experience, would definitely recommend.1679 The hosting couple were very welcoming, nice and accommodating. Though I could not stay there for long as I got to move closer to my University, I would really recommend others to use this place.  The room is bright and airy, suitable for a single person and has enough space for storing your luggage for short holidays as well.1680 The room is clean and organized . The neighborhood is very safe , there is public transport on the corner to most places of dublin . Margaret and Gordon are the best hosts you can have. They are very friendly , caring and<br/>they enjoy meeting new people. I had a very nice time at her house. I would certainly recommend this room to anyone . Thanks for everything, Margaret and Gordon!1681 Margaret and Gordon are very nice and caring hosts. They assisted me a lot with finding the right bus and getting around town. Both of them were always there to lend a helping hand and to have a nice chat. <br/>1682 Karin was very helpful with lots of information, a map and some advice. The location was handy to a rental car, which we needed later, but it was not that close to many things we wanted to see or do. We did expect to walk quite a lot but we ended up getting a cab now and then, which was fine. The main concern we had was that the steps to the loft are steep and we get up in the night. A nightlight would be helpful as the stairs are a bit precarious.1683 Everything is as described. Karin is a very friendly host, the apartment is very nice, close to public transportation, shops and O'Connell Street! 100% recommended!1684 The apartment is just as wonderful as the pictures suggest. We were completely blown away by the amount of effort Karen had put in to make this space as comfortable and as relaxing as possible. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend. Brimming with personality and charm. <br/><br/>Side note: do make sure you know exactly when you will be arriving as Karen has a very busy schedule and this can lead to a rather unpleasant welcome if you are late. Sorry again, Karen!1685 What a great place. Couldn't be easier from the airport. Bus to the door. Easy to walk to everywhere in dublin. The flat was lovely and Karin is a lovely host clearly passionate about the building and dublin. Everything you need to have a great stay.1686 If you're desiring, as was I, a classic and refined Dublin experience, then Karin's Oval Georgian will prove very special indeed. Unlike some rentals, the photos perfectly and realistically capture this lovely apartment. My three-night stay couldn't have proven more comfortable or welcoming: from Karin's fine introduction to the many key sites of this historically and culturally rich city, the well-supplied pantry (didn't need to go the store for morning staples),  and very comfortable bedding - all of it just the right amount and touch. I was glad to not be in the thick of the city and found I could be most anywhere in 15-20 minutes. Also, more taxis in Dublin than my own native NYC! This rental proves yet again why Airbnb is such a wonderful option and opportunity.1687 We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this Georgian studio.  As others have reported, the flat is in every way as beautiful as the photographs suggest.  The common areas are restful and strikingly appointed, competing with any high-end boutique hotel.   Karin is a very knowledgeable, helpful host.  Good kitchen, fine bedding and a fabulous fireplace. The location is excellent.  We will carry with us terrific memories of our time there. We recommend without qualification.1688 Beautiful flat. Very cozy and comfortable. Well equipped. We enjoyed out stay!1689 The Special Georgian Flat was a lovely place to stay during our visit to Dublin. The space is beautiful and the location is very walkable to the main parts of town like Temple Bar and O'Connell St. The neighborhood leaves something to be desired, but the local shop is run by very nice people and has all of the necessities.<br/><br/>We got off on the wrong foot with Karen as we arrived 30 minutes before we had previously agreed to meet to drop off our bags. She was not happy with us, but very accommodating as she made the apartment ready for us to take immediately. We were so grateful for that as we'd be traveling for 14 hours and our check in wasn't for another 6.<br/><br/>When we ran into her later she was very kind and informative. <br/><br/>We would love to recommend this place for anyone who is staying in Dublin.1690 Margaret and Gordon where amazing hosts. There house is warm and welcoming. As soon as you walk in the door it's like you are home. I had a single room and it was exactly as the pictures said, and had a tv which was a great bonus. They let me extend my stay and it was no trouble for them. As a solo female traveler there house was in a safe area and I had no trouble getting the bus into town. Thank you for the lovely stay!1691 I was warmly welcomed and the apartment corresponded to the pictures.It is very comfortably furnished and I felt at home.Karin is a great host.She tried very hard that I lack nothing.The historical beautifully preserved house is located near the city center and is easy to reach on foot in a few minutes or also has good bus connections.1692 Very well organised pick up of keys, via a neighbor, as Karin had explained she was out around the time we were arriving. House (and the Studio) is amazing and lovely ! It is just as the photos. Neighborhood is a mixture of great houses on the square and the nearby less attractive areas, as you walk into town (an easy 10 minutes). We were soon back in touch with our hostess, who arrived with a bowl of fresh fruit to add to the other goodies left for us in the studio. We even had a nice cup of tea and chat together the day we left, very hospitable ! Accommodation was very comfortable. Couldn't ask for more. Hoping to go back before too long !1693 We were both delighted with the accommodation.  Karin's description of the self contained apartment was completely accurate. The apartment had that unusual combination of being homely and elegant at the same time.  A comfortable place to stay. Her very detailed itinerary covered all we needed to know about our visit to Dublin. Whilst not wishing to criticize some other airbnb's , we preferred the absence of the host's personal belongings cluttering the place up; on the other hand there will be others who like it that way. <br/><br/>Karen gave us a warm welcome  when we arrived and popped in 2 or 3 times during our 4 day stay which was just the right balance for us. <br/><br/>We found the neighbourhood OK, the shopkeepers friendly and the location within easy walking distance of the City Centre.<br/><br/>A most enjoyable stay. Hope to come again.1694 Very nice and comfortable place, I can only suggest . I hope I will have chance to see more of this beautiful city1695 Margaret is very kind... gave me informations and helped me always when I asked for. The room is very comfortable. A really nice place to stay over. Hope to come back!1696 it was wonderful experience  to enjoy the warm hospitality of Margaret and Gordon , so willing to make you feel at home very fast . the house is nice , strategically located 20 minute from the center from Dublin, public transport works properly even during bank holiday time. Room is cosy and quiet  just perfect for releasing from the stress after hard work. I could enjoy the garden beside the season , I cannot imagine how beautiful has to be in summer chilling out with a glass of wine . But again the golden part of this house are them : 2 persons just so easy going and in love for life and people, surely a place to recommend to everyone and no question : looking forward to be back again .1697 I had an absolutely lovely time staying with Margaret! Her family took such great care of me. Her home is in a quiet neighborhood about halfway between the airport and downtown. Getting to either was super easy via bus. There's a supermarket across the street, so I was able to pick up whatever I needed without any trouble. I had a wonderful trip, and will certainly visit again when I'm coming back through Dublin.1698 Margaret and her husband were very welcoming and friendly. Nice clean house and good parking space.Ideal if you have your own car and want to have Dublin as your base.1699 The best air bnb that I ever was ! Margaret & Gordon took care of me the whole time, their such lovely and heartwarming persons !!! Great room, good area and a caring host family what else do you need ?! :)1700 Margaret and her husband Gordon are lovely people. Although the Shantalla Centra bus stop on the #16 airport bus is only a few minutes walk from Margaret's place, she took the time and picked me up in her car as I walked there. She also did my wash and invited me to Sunday dinner. The room is small, but bright with a big window, and has a comfortable bed. She includes a breakfast--cereal and toast, tea and coffee--too. I really enjoyed my two days there. I recommend it highly.1701 Margaret and her husband are great hosts. Very polite, clean and helpful. The room size is OK and the transport is nearby. Definitely recommending this one.1702 Dear Margaret, thank you for everything. You are so nice and friendly. <br/>Thanks to Gordon papa, too. He is really a nice guy! The room is comfortable and warm, just like live in my own house. thank you again, my Ireland mother and Ireland papa (Website hidden by Airbnb) JoAnne1703 Karin was a great host, the flat was superbly comfortable and in a great location for a leisurely stroll to the centre of the city. We will definitely be back to this flat when we come back to Dublin and will be telling all of our friends to do the same!! Thankyou Karin!<br/><br/>1704 Jose & Vadym's home was wonderful! It was very comfortable, centrally located, quiet, clean and pike "home away from home". They were great hosts and were always willing to help with ideas or suggestions. I would highly recommend their place to anyone.1705 Wonderful location, free parking and amazing hospitality! What more could we ask for? Thank you for your kindness and love. We do hope our paths cross again sometime in the future. 😊1706 we had a great time. Very close to a tram, therefore city centre was close1707 Vladym is a perfect host. The Airbnb was nice, clean and just 15 tramminutes from the centre. A perfect accomodation for a stay at Dublin.1708 Great Host! Very helpful with everything. Location was great for train transport and easy to get to from airport using directions provided. Quiet part of town.1709 Vadym was an excellent host, even accommodating our (extremely) delayed flight and very late check in! He waited up and gave us detailed directions for how to reach his place from the airport. The flat was in a really quiet neighborhood, but just a 2 minute walk to the tram and then a 10 minute ride to reach downtown. <br/>The bed was super comfy!<br/>Highly recommend Vadym’s place!1710 A spotlessly clean apartment.1711 Vadym was extremely helpful- we arrived in Dublin before check in and Vadym had communicated to say we could access earlier which was great! Communication for Vadym and Jose was exceptional- very quick and helpful!<br/>The apartment is lovely, great private bathroom and bedroom is a good size for what you need!<br/>The location to the tram is excellent- or a walk into town is nice as we did as you can take in a lot of main attractions on your way such as Dublinia, Guinness factory, etc. We felt really comfortable for the night we stayed. Definitely good value for money for a Dublin stay!1712 All ok!